SUBREDDIT: r/AskDocs
TITLE: I would like to try and help my Grandmother with her COPD but I need help understanding some things
POST: Hi, my grandmother is 76 and a long time smoker, I would say that she is underweight, I don't think she eats enough. I'm not sure how long she has had COPD, at least a year.

She has trouble even moving to a different room sometimes, she will get out of breath if she moved too quickly and sometimes she has to stop in the middle of going up the stairs.

It's very sad to see someone I care about who loves gardening and has always been the one to care for everyone else, lose her ability to do these things. She spends most of her days just watching TV.

As I can see online, this condition isn't curable, only slightly manageable. She has pills, and a breathalyser for this.

Something I would really like cleared up is:
Two doctors told her she was unable to take steroids (but I gather these help a decent amount?) and one told her it was a good idea. The doctor who she is most comfortable with told her no, so she has gone with that decision. But if it would help her I think she should get them? What makes someone ineligible for this?

She has been told she can't have oxygen in her house to help her symptoms because she smokes and it's dangerous.
I have tried to get her to stop smoking, so it doesn't worsen the condition and also so she could have oxygen but she won't. She told me that when she stops, she can't breath as well. For instance, when she first wakes up every morning she coughs like she needs to cough something up but is unable to, but after she had a cigarette she feels a bit better.

So following that, another thing I would really like cleared up is: Is this common when stopping smoking, is there any sort of withdrawal systems that will make her feel a lot worse in the short term? But will she maybe feel better in the long term? She thinks it is too late for her to stop.

Thank you all so much, that was a lot of text, sorry.
TL;DR: 