SUBREDDIT: r/AskReddit
TITLE: Reddit, is it Forever Alone of me to still want to communicate with a girl I broke up with 2 years ago?
POST: For a little back story, I fell in love with her the last few weeks of Junior year in high school, and had the best summer I've ever had. Now we had this relationship knowing that she would be going to Costa Rica over the remainder of the summer to see her family. After the summer was over, she would come back and we'd be like peas in a pod. Unfortunately, about a week before she was going on her way, her foster parents (The people that took care of her in the U.S.) decided they just couldn't handle an outgoing girl like her, as they were complete shut-ins. 
     
  Needless to say that was a bit depressing and we tried to make up for lost time in that last week. Once she left we maintained the relationship in a long-distance sort of way through Skype, and tried to find a place her parents would let her stay here in the U.S. Unfortunately, they shot down everything my family offered and sent her to a school in Florida. This would be great, but I live in South Carolina and at the time wasn't allowed to drive that far.
   
  We kept the long distance relationship thing all throughout the summer and into the next school year. The week before I was going to come down to see her, we were talking on the phone, she mentioned some guy, and I snapped. It was an overreaction on my part, but what was done was done. I tried to make it right because I still loved her, and to this day she is the only girl I've found to have real integrity to go with her beauty.
    
  I've tried to make it right when it happened but it seemed hopeless. She lives in Tennessee now, so it's pretty much out of the picture for anything really. Still, she might have the world's best sense of humor, which is why I talked to, and fell for her in the first place. I will admit I still have feelings for her, no matter how minute.
    
  Am I forever alone for this?
TL;DR: 