SUBREDDIT: r/offmychest
TITLE: For once I'm saying that I'm done trying.
POST: I've moved around a lot. When I get asked where I'm from it's not a simple answer. Of all the places I have lived, I only called one of them home. I spent most of my pre-college life in that town and my best friends still live there. My freshman year of college, my parents had to move. So anytime I want to see my friends I had to find the money and time to visit them myself.

My best friends from home don't really seem to care anymore though. I'm the only one who seems to make an effort. I'm the only one who tries to keep communication open, and I'm the only one who has gone to visit them (always at my own expense financially and on my own time when I could be working). The last time I was there, I decided that I'm done trying. I don't fit in their lives anymore because I don't live there anymore. Well, that's what I used to think. I started to worry that maybe I had changed too much and I was being irrational. But thinking about it more, I realized that I did change, but so did they. We all got older and changed, but in different directions. These are people who I said would never leave my life, and still don't want them to disappear. But I am killing myself trying to hold the friendship together. I know too, that if I talked to them about it, they wouldn't understand. They have both lived in the same place their entire lives and neither of them went to school far from home. They barely left. They have a place they call home and they see their families more than once or twice a year.

I am almost entirely independent from my parents handling tuition and rent on my own. I have a year left in the only place I call home anymore. Couple that with applications and all the other stress constantly on my mind, and I'm a wreck. I just don't have a friend in my life right now who has gone through everything I have, and I am tired of internalizing my insecurities and fears. I'm exhausted and anxious. Had to talk to someone. Even if no one reads this, at least typing it out has done something.
TL;DR: 