SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: My family [20sF,50sF+M,80sF] with my neighbour [50s?M] of 5 years is harassing us over varied things. Family been here 30 years.
POST: Throwaway because reasons.

We live in Australia, wont be specific but figured it might just helpful in regards to laws/advice.

My parents and grandparent have lived in this street in town for 30 years. 
A guy and his wife moved in about 5 years ago (approx).
We have two dogs. One was around when he moved in, she is 6+. She is a small terrier and barks when people come to the door (as they do). Other dog is 1.5 years old and obviously came after he was there. She is a medium size dog.

This guy across the road is in a townhouse, we are in two houses on two blocks next to each other.

Harassment started approx 2 years ago where he yelled at my grandmother to "shut her f...ing dog up" as he stood and teased it. 

Next incident was a ute of my fathers parked on the road and a note was left telling us to "park on our own side of the f...ing road" (we normally would but no space at the time). Keep in mind this is a PUBLIC road. Its anyones space.

Several more incidents where he stood on his balcony and screamed obscenities at my father who called the police as he began having heart issues. Police did nothing but tell us the man had just apparently gotten out of hospital and was tired etc etc.

He has also put complaints in to our local council about the dogs barking (where you can get fines). There is another dog next to him and one a few doors away that both bark constantly.

Latest incident was a council ranger coming around to tell us they got another anonymous complaint (not anon to them but for us as they wont tell you who did it but we know its him) saying the dogs were barking all night. Our dogs have never barked so I have no idea what he is hearing. Presumably the one next door.

I need advice on what to do or who to speak to as Im at a loss. Talking to the guy isnt an option. He is aggressive and probably would attack me.
TL;DR: 