SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I[23 M] am having trouble trusting my gf [21 f]
POST: We've been dating for 7 months now and gotten to know each other pretty well. I really really like her so I've been completely honest with her and she says she's been completely honest with me but recently I feel like she's always hiding something from me. Whenever I'm on my phone, whether I'm on facebook, playing a game or texting she'll enter detective mode and ask me a bunch of questions. Whenever I'm texting someone she looks over my shoulder and watches me text, which is fine by me because Ive got nothing to hide but whenever she's texting and I get a little curious she pulls away or walks away.

I understand she wants her privacy so I dont pry and let it go. Lately she's been hanging out with a mutual friend and I'm totally okay with her having male friends. She's hung out with him at his place a couple of times with one of her girl friends. A couple of times she told me she was going over and other times I had to find out from her friend. A couple of days ago I found out she went over his place late at night without telling me. I was extremely furious when I found out. After I calmed down I confronted her and asked her what it was all about. She assured me that they were just "hanging out" and they're nothing more than friends. For all I know she's been over his place a bunch of other times without telling me. 

We were supposed to hangout last night but she said she was feeling like shit and wanted to reschedule. Seemed kinda suspicious to me since I saw her earlier and she seemed fine to me. Haven't talked to her since. Been avoiding her texts and calls until I have time to think about what my next move should be. She's not the cheating type but you never really know. Sorry for ranting.

I've never been in this situation before. Am I overreacting? She wants to hang out tomorrow but I'm gunna either cancel or just flake on her. Although I will see her at night since we volunteer at the same place. What should I do? Any advice will really help, Thanks!
TL;DR: 