SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [18 M] with my girlfriend [19F] of 5 months, I don't feel like she is devoting enough time to me.
POST: Girlfriend and I started dated early this summer. She's great, I love her to pieces. I've had issues with shitty girlfriends in the past but even from the get go this relationship has been far better than the previous ones. 

That being said, for those who are kind enough answer, I'd like to establish that I don't want to break up with her. 

Now to the issue. Girlfriend and I go to separate colleges. Fortunately hers is easily to drive to in a day and it has not been terribly difficult to visit this semester. We have a couple of set weekends, all scheduled from the beginning of the semester. 

My weekends with her are the happiest Ive been since summer ended, again, shes great.

But recently her roommates (after two back to back weekend visits from me) have complained that they don't get to spend enough time with her. So she said OK, when he isn't here I'll make you guys.

But she has such a busy schedule normally that this means, when I am not physically with her, I get cut almost completely. This past week we barely talked at all. I had some important things to tell her that kept getting pushed to the side and it made me feel all kinds of terrible.

Last night I got really upset and we argued briefly while she was watching a movie with her friends at school. She went out of the room to call me, I cried, it was a mess. 

But during that call I asked that she give a little more when I'm not there. I dont expect hour long convos every other night, just every once in a while to talk and find out how each other is doing. It became obvious that this is not as important to her as it is to me. 

We aren't currently angry with each other. We talked it out for a while, but it still feels super unresolved. I don't really know how to find a diplomatic solution to this issue. Would love help, feel free to ask questions.

Okay I think that's everything.
TL;DR: 