SUBREDDIT: r/relationship_advice
TITLE: (20/f)Really needing advice about my boyfriend's (18/m)lack of communication
POST: To start out- I'm using a throwaway to prevent people I know from noticing a request for relationship advice.
 Secondly, I know how quick many redditors on here are to suggesting a breakup. That is not on the table for me, I am asking for tools to repair and enhance the relationship car, not advice on how to total it and find a new one.
Also, please do not make the mistake of using our age as a fit reason why this is not a genuine problem. It would insult my emotional intelligence, and I hope for open minded advice.  I recently graduated from the same High School that he is currently a Juniour in.

We've been dating for three years now, and are eachother's best friends. We enjoy many of the same things, yet our opposite personalities compliment eachother quite often, and in most ways. I am sensitive and feeling, excitable, and perceptive to when something is bothering him. He is reserved, calm, and I suppose, "logical." My Boyfriend is basically a Vulcan.
He *never* shares his feelings about a problem, like ever. I can sense when he's preoccupied by a problem, and whether or not I inquire, or leave him alone to have space about that sense, he never opens up to share it with me. 
Unless it's something trivial, like "I don't like the smell of that Febreeze."

I have told him, when we have argued in the past, that I really need him to open up to me more, if he at all can. Because while I understand that people are different, and don't like to share on every topic, it can definitely be said that cramming every thought and emotion into a bottle is unhealthy. It reduces me to tears to think about how there's problems trapped in his mind that he has not even considered bouncing off of me.
Before anybody asks, no, I have not ever acted in such a way to make him not trust my reactions to his innermost thoughts, were he to try and open up to me once.
TL;DR: 