SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I'm [16m] in love with my best friend [16f]
POST: First off I'd like to start by saying that this is my first post here so my apologies if it isn't clear or any other issues I will gladly elaborate on anything if needed. Although I am young I am mature for my age and if you could please read and comment on this post with an open mind and try to keep the "you're still in high school" to a minimum I would appreciate that as well!

I'm in love with my best friend, all my friends are fed up with her, because they think I'm wasting my time, all her friends think we would be amazing together but none the less they can't make her see it.

We hang out a lot and we always make each other laugh and brighten our day... I've seen her get used by almost every guy she's ever gotten semi serious with. Even though she's a beautiful girl inside and out she seems to attract assholes who just want sex. We both want a long term relationship.

She has honestly changed my life, I think about her all day everyday, I'm a better person because she's made me try to improve, sometimes I lay in bed and just cry because I feel so hopeless but I can't bring myself to give up because she is the perfect girl for me, you know that girl that you imagine when you close your eyes and think about the perfect girl? The girl you think you will probably never meet because someone like that probably doesn't exist? That's her to me..

The frustration and confusion is so unreal I can't even explain it, it's the most painful thing i've ever experienced, when you want something so bad you would do anything for it, but you can't have it.

I'm too embarrassed by the fact that I'm in love with someone who doesn't see me as anything more then a friend to tell anyone. She knows I'm interested in more but I don't think she understands that these feelings are never going to leave me no matter how much she says "we should stay friends" I'm not going to be able to settle with that.
TL;DR: 