SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [29M] with my GF [29F] of 1 year: Having second thoughts with her in light of recent discoveries.
POST: We've been dating about a year and a half. She talks about wanting to get married and have kids, but honestly based on recent discoveries about her, I'm not sure it's a great idea, and I'm thinking of breaking up with her because I don't think I want to have kids with her.

She got a message from a strange number on her phone, asking her for a payment. I thought it was weird, and asked her about it. She told me it was her cousin, who had loaned her money during college.

Later, during another conversation, she said something about it that rung untrue (contradictory). I pressed, and found that it wasn't her cousin, but her ex. She owed him $1800. Further pressing, I discovered she owed another ex roughly $1800 as well.

This really made me angry, as she was spending money like she didn't have two ex's she was beholden to. Also, she would randomly ask me for money, saying she needed it to buy groceries or somesuch (She's unemployed, looking for a job. May have one starting the fifth)

Next, we were watching Netflix on Chromecast yesterday using her phone. I grabbed it to switch shows and saw a message from her brother telling her to come home to get her mail, as she has an arrest warrant now for unpaid parking tickets. I gawked, but didn't say anything to her, because I expect she should share that information with me sooner rather than later. Right?

She's entitled to her privacy, but I think if she wants to enter into a relationship involving marriage/children she needs to be more up front than this. I'm not sure if her brother is joking with her or what. She hadn't responded to it, so I'm not sure. I can easily see her doing something like this. Is the arrest warrant a big deal? Is my house going to get searched or property siezed? (She stays here often). I'm not sure what to do.

Thanks in advance for the advice/comments.
TL;DR: 