SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Why does my (24F) boyfriend (25M) of four months make these kinds of comments to me?
POST: I know we are all human here, and we all find people attractive. I'm happy to discuss beautiful people with my SO, but over the last few days a few comments just seem unnecessary. Why do you find it necessary to tell me that you like the way some reality show girl moved her mouth, ("Ooo, I like THAT.") Or, when discussing acceptable age differences in relationships, tell me that you would gladly fuck a 15 year old but not date her. This stuff feels hurtful but I cannot intellectualize why. It feels very sexually aggressive and almost disrespectful.

Is it unreasonable that this stuff makes me uncomfortable? We have been dating for about 4 months now, and I feel like this is just a sign of sloppiness. I reacted in the moment to his comment about that girls mouth, saying "okay cool, I'll leave you to look at girls mouths and I'll head home." and then he will cling to me saying "no, don't go," kissing me, telling me he loves me..... I've also noticed an increase in the amount of "play" kissing (I don't know if other people do this, but it's just a playful kinda mouth thing...) versus actual kissing. I've been staying over his apartment (or he stays with me) most every night since we became monogamous. I'm wondering if this is all a sign that he is just comfortable and expects me to be there all the time. Maybe some distance would be good. I'm afraid though that he will interpret me spending less time with him as a decrease in affection, however...

Why do some dudes act like this? I am not sexually inhibited. I casually sexed a good deal while single, and I can recognize an attractive man. But I don't feel compelled to inform him in the way he seems compelled to inform me.

So I guess my main curiosities are: Is this a typical dude thing? Is it a sign of comfort level in the relationship? Is he being rude or am I just projecting my own insecurity?
TL;DR: 