SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [20 M] has some confidence and self-esteem issues that I need help overcoming. (18F)
POST: I am funny, social, caring, loving, a talented musician, good looking, have had some minor successes that I am proud of that are progressing my career further, have very close friends and family who think highly of me, hardworking, and am always looking to improve on myself.  
  
I have a lot of things going for me, you may agree or disagree that this isn't low self-esteem, but I am very happy with my life and where I am. Just when it comes to relationships I assume the worst. I mainly jumped to the conclusion of having low self-esteem because I have read online that I am just insecure about myself. Which I totally believe, I guess I would just like to know how to utilize my benefits and what I have going for me.  
  
Whenever there is a picture of her posted on facebook, I get a tiny bit of anxiety (which goes away within 10 minutes luckily). Depending on her responses I will text her more or less, and try and work that out. I constantly worry about the balance of me talking to her too much or me not talking enough. We are waiting a few months before actually getting together further because of some complications in both of our lives (not important to my issues). We talk 2-3 times a week so I am hoping we can get together. But basically, I get anxious over things that I don't understand why I get anxious over. I think it's just me assuming that it isn't going to work way too early in the game.  
  
It has always been this way for me. Would love some advice on boosting my self-esteem. I've decided to try not focusing too much on the girl and do things that boost my self-esteem like finishing music, working and completing projects. I would really like to get rid of it as best I can. I am willing to do anything from writing out the same thing every day for a year  to better diet and exercise. Sorry for the rambling, and thanks everyone!
TL;DR: 