SUBREDDIT: r/tifu
TITLE: TIFU by being thirsty.
POST: This happened over the summer and ive been meaning to get this off my chest but having no close-close friends, its been quite difficult so ill just dump this here. i dont expect anyone to read this so lolkek

-Begin Rant-
Background story: I am currently a high school senior enjoying my winter break. Starting with a little about me, ive never had a girlfriend except for one a while back in middle school (god knows when). Since forever, ive never found someone ive liked based on their personality, not how hot or cute they look or whatever. This changed dramatically when i had a suddenly realization, an epiphany of sorts, after i got high. I go to a high school with a fairly small class group (1200 students in the school between 4 grades). Having never met anyone in my league worth chasing with a good personality, i finished junior year with nothing really notable. And then i got high. Something about after hitting the trees, i realized something. There was this one girl in my AP English class. Lets call her Shelly. Shelly was not the top of the top, but was fairly cute and her quirky personality, artistic capabilities, and fairly decent academic standards landed her an unseen bookmark in my mind. I havent known her for that long, having only had 2 classes with her junior year, sitting with her and getting to know her and became friends, but that was about it. Sometime after reaching the sky, i realized that i liked Shelly. It was a random spontaneous thought and i thought, hey, i kinda like her. Following this thought, i proceeded to try and text her (facebook, phone, etc). just small talk, etc. I started to get annoying without realizing it, and suddenly, yolo moment, asked her out in the most unofficial, anticlimactic way: over **text**. I had thought it over but now i feel stupid as hell. Now back in school, we still talk and all but i still really like her and now its probably damn near impossible to go out with her after this fuck up. And yet here i am here, trying to get her a christmas gift.
TL;DR: 