SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [23 F] with my husband [23 M], unhappy in relationship because my husband is not passionate.
POST: My husband and I have been married for a year.  Before we got married we had multiple deep conversations, did a lot of things together, sex life was great (usually 4-5 times a week) but ever since we got married/moved in together, everything has gone down hill.  

Any time that I am passionate about anything, he shuts down completely.  He refuses to talk to me if I show an ounce of passion/sadness/frustration in my voice.  He states that I need to talk to him in a "friendly voice" even if it's something that I am upset about.  

For example, we got a new puppy and the dog is still being crate trained/house trained.  I don't like that he yanks on the dogs leash when he is walking him or wanting him to go outside, because I believe it teaches the puppy to only respond to that behavior.  I have asked him multiple times (politely) to stop doing this, he says he will and then he continues the behavior.  I've asked about 10 different times, so the last time I brought it up I was really upset about it and started crying (probably overreacting but I really love my dog).  He sat on the couch and wouldn't even look at me.  I finally just went upstairs and when I came back down and asked him about why he wasn't responding to me he said "I'm not going to talk to you if you can't talk to me in a nicer tone"

This is just one example, but there are dozens of others that have ended in the exact same way, or with him just sighing and rolling his eyes at me.

On top of that, we have sex about once a month and only when I'm super drunk (because he is not emotionally available and I've completely lost interest).  I have tried to talk to him about it and again he sits in silence and refuses to talk to me.

I think this is bull shit... Am I crazy for thinking this?  Has my husband just completely checked out of our relationship?  

I'm hoping someone else has gone through something similar and can give me some advice.
TL;DR: 