SUBREDDIT: r/Advice
TITLE: I need advice with the corner I feel like my wife is backing me into
POST: My wife and I have been married for a little over a year and we've been together for about 6 years. In the past two years, I've gotten a much better job, worked my ass off, been promoted, and we've been able to enhance our lifestyle as a result. My wife has in the last two years worked a dead end job that she claims to hate. She was recently promoted (big promotion) so we got her the new car she wanted. Now she wants to go back to school.

Because she's unhappy with her career, she wants to go back to school to get a masters degree. Ultimately she wants to be a city planner or a city manager. However, in order for her to do this, we have to make some changes in our lifestyle. Things like: live in a much cheaper place, sell things we don't need to drum of some cash, start biking/public trans, etc. Tonight she asked me if I'd consider selling my car (she can't/won't learn to drive stick) and cut back on our expenses so she can do this. I don't really want to budge on this and here's why:

She isn't going to make more money. In my mind, if spending all this money on a better degree doesn't net you anything (aside from maybe greater job satisfaction), it's not worth it. We can't afford to have a family now, so things aren't going to get any better.

I don't want to sell my car. I've been working my ass off to get where I am and I don't want to compromise on something that I really love (driving) so that we can afford to have her go back to school.

She occasionally says things like "I want to run a bed and breakfast" which makes me feel like she doesn't know what she wants to do and this will just lead to more dissatisfaction.

I brought up the financials and she got pissed off because she felt I was being selfish because I was focusing on the money. It quickly escalated into a yelling/pissing contest and got us no where.

Basically, I'm lost. I don't know what to do or how to handle this situation. Please help.
TL;DR: 