SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [20M] with my girlfriend [21F] of one year, have been having problems because of her low to nonexistent sex drive. How to Help?
POST: My girlfriend is 21 and I m 20. We've been together for a year and things have been wonderful. We started having sex by the 3rd month, and it started out great (in my head) but I noticed she never initiated and was never actually interested, and asked her but she just kind of ignored the question. I tried doing things differently but it didn't help.

We have been in long distance for the past 4 months and have 2 months to go. Different countries, not cities so no visits. In this time I learned much about her and her issues with sex.

Now my girlfriend had a rough childhood and was raised not to trust anybody including her mother and father because they have been emotionally abusive and neglectful. As a teenager she didn't date because of the way high school is in the United States and how often guys are just taking advantage of girls and vice versa and all her friends had bad experiences. So according to her she just "shut that part of her brain off" and now that we are together much has improved on both of our ends. She loves and trusts me much more than anyone else.

The problem here is that she gets nervous talking about sex, or even approaching it. She feels nervous every time she mentions it and feels bad for having those feelings and its getting in the way of things for us. For instance, I suggested we just have a virtual shower together and she was just nervous beyond anything, and could barely get a grip on herself so I decided to give her space. She never says anything about me in attraction. I sincerely just want to help her and don t care if we don't have sex again for a while as long as I can help her get past this and truly enjoy herself, cause she is a wonderful person. What should I do? And what might be the reasons behind this anxiety and stress about the subject.

P.S. We were both virgins before this relationship and its our first serious one. And she has mentioned quite a bit that she really wants this to happen for her. For her to enjoy it, and for me to have fun with her.
TL;DR: 