SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: My(17m) first gf(18) of 3 months just broke up with me, I'm not sure why.
POST: So my first gf and I have been dating for a little over 3 months, today she broke up with me over text and I'm not sure why. 

So she has been gone in vacation for a little over 3 weeks and she has been, according to her, super busy. Since she was busy she hasn't called me the whole time so the only communication we've had has been the occasional text. 

This morning she texted me saying "she wanted to break up, it's not my fault, and I'm an amazing guy". She also said that she thinks that we would make better friends. When I further inquired why she wanted to break up she said that in the whole relationship she hasn't felt a spark. This is where I'm calling bullshit, before she left for vacation we were having a great time. We would have 2-3 dates a week, we were going to baseball games (she loves babseball), bowling with our friends, and going to the occasional movie. Even when we weren't on dates we were hanging out, having dinner at each other's houses and all together having a good time. I never caught a single hint that she wasn't enjoying herself, and on top of all that, she would write me multiple love notes which she would "pour her heart into" and she would tell me every night that she loved me. 

She told me that she didn't feel a spark the whole time and that she didn't want to say anything because she didn't want to hurt my feelings. But I was doing everything I could to make her happy, and I almost never saw her upset throughout the whole relationship. I was never rude or disrespectful or abusive in any way. 

So reddit, did I do something wrong? Does this sound like she was pretending the whole relationship? Because it doesn't sound like that to me. 

I going to see her In a couple of days and I intend on further inquiring what is going on. 

Note: I don't know how big of a difference this makes but I do know she is on her period right now.
TL;DR: 