SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: [28/M] I have been talking to someone recently [25/F] and things seem to be going well, but when is a good time to bring up my past?
POST: Let me explain what I meany by my past. As a child I was emotionally abused starting at the age of 10 and ending when at the age of 16 but those years still take a toll on me. I'm not afraid of people at all but it's very hard for me to become emotionally attached to people because of this. I'm still very self conscious about myself but I don't let it show and I have a very hard time trusting people right away. In no way am I sad or bitter though because I tend to have an upbeat attitude and am a very outgoing, optimistic individual.

I've had relationships before but more than not I was treated like garbage in those relationships, especially my last one when my ex would sometimes physically strike me as well as well as continue saying things like "you know you can't leave me since no one else will ever love you." I always told as a kid that I was worthless and useless and that no one could love me anyways so I just assumed this was all normal.

It's been about 3 years since that and I still feel the toll it's taken on me but I've been talking to this woman recently for nearly a month and things seem to be getting pretty serious between us. She's cute, sweet, funny.. she's pretty much everything I'm not used to. And that's what's killing me. It's really, really hard for me to get emotionally attached to her because of my past and that's definitely not fair to her because she's treated me so well. I wish I could say I was joking when I say this is the first time I've actually been treated this way but it really is.

She knows nothing of my past at all because I didn't want to reveal anything that might scare her off. When would be a good time to sit her down and talk to her about everything I've been through and how it might be hard for me, at least at first, to become emotionally attached and how it might take time?
TL;DR: 