SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [23 M] masturbated on webcam with old friend [29 M/F] several years back, scared...
POST: I used to be very active on an site where I met a ton of cool people. One in particular was a slightly older lady and we became pretty good friends, and after several months she sent me nudes (face and everything). One night, 3 years ago, she suggested we masturbate on webcam. I agreed, and so we did. For the most part, I was careful about showing my face, but did show it for probably 10 seconds. Her face was in it the whole time.

After we finished, we talked like usual. I knew she had done this with others in the past (told me it was a fetish of hers). So I asked her whether she was ever worried that she would be recorded and posted online. She then told me that she records all of her encounters as a counter measure. That obviously worried me and I told her I really wasn't comfortable with her having recorded it. I also told her that I had deleted her nudes after I looked at them as I didn't feel right keeping them. She apologized profusely and said she deleted it.

We kept in touch for a few months after that, but I slowly cut off communication as I kind of resented her for the fact that she recorded me without telling me.

Now, I know she said she deleted it. I guess my fear comes from the fact that I'll never know if she deleted it. The first month after it happened was the worst for me. I was pretty scared. After that I pretty much forgot about it and only recently thought about it again. I could probably get in touch with her if I wanted to, but not sure if that's a good idea. She never threatened me or anything, but I'm still worried. 

Any thoughts or advice? I guess I'm scared that it might pop up on the Internet 10+ years from now. Maybe I have anxiety issues? I've been known to dwell over things for a long time. For example, over the last week, I've been thinking about this almost constantly. Oh and yes, I definitely learned my lesson.
TL;DR: 