SUBREDDIT: r/offmychest
TITLE: My SO's mother treats us like young teenagers, and I'm sick of it!
POST: We've been dating for 1 year now, we are both 20 years old and are in college. I always go out of my way to be helpful whenever I am at her house, whether its helping with dinner, cleaning or even taking out the trash. Her mother is always very friendly and lovely to me whenever she sees me, big hugs and kisses everytime I come over. We bought her lovely presents for birthdays and christmas, and have cooked dinner for the entire family a number of times.

Despite all of my efforts to be the best I can possibly be for both my SO and all of *our* efforts to be the best for her family, her mother insists on treating us both as teens who are not ready for simple things like sleeping in the same bed.

I'm typing this out as I lie on the couch in my SO's house, because her mother demanded that we do ***not*** share a room, let alone a bed. She is not even allowed to stay at my apartment that I live in for college, (so much so that after missing the last bus back home at night, her mother demanded that she gets a taxi back home, something that would have cost upwards of $60). It frustrates us so much, when we see my housemates have their SO's stay over numerous nights in a row and we cant even spend a day together without worrying about sleeping arrangements for that night. It's especially frustrating to me due to the fact that my parents loosened their grip on me from 16 onwards, so much so that I would be able to leave for the day to another city 3 hours away and only send a text message to let them know where I was. They trusted me, and I respected that trust.

We just want to function like a normal couple. We don't want to have to lie in order to simply spend a night together or tip toe our way around when her mother is around. It makes us feel like teenagers dating for the first time. I love her, I just want to sleep beside her and wake up next to her each morning, but I cant, because of whatever backwards thought process her mother has.
TL;DR: 