SUBREDDIT: r/relationship_advice
TITLE: [21/M] My Girlfriend (20/F) still talks about her ex and wants to be his friend. I'm starting to get annoyed by it.
POST: So, my girlfriend (4 months together) keeps talking about her ex. Every time we see each other (or at least it feels like every time) she brings him up. Whether it be because he's liked her Instagram picture, he's sent her a Snapchat (everything he and she posts on their stories they also send to each other) or he's just done something she brings it up. 

I'm cool with them being friends and stuff, but earlier tonight I was with her and she brought him up because he posted to Snapchat, I sighed and started looking through my phone. Probably not the best way but it is what it is. Anyway she noticed and said 'It's fine, we're friends and that's all. We went out just before Christmas to get some shopping for his family and I finally realised that I don't like him like that anymore.' I dropped it and we went back to watching the movie - I didn't want an argument or anything. My problem here is she didn't tell me she was going into town with him (I'm fine with her seeing him, but I'd like to be told) but she kept saying she had no money to come see me but still managed to pay for the bus into town to see him.

I'm torn on what to do. I love her, but I just don't feel like she's over him. He was her first (and only, before me) proper boyfriend and she mentioned that she never thinks she'll get over it fully because of that. I remember my first girlfriend and the only way I got over that was by blocking her for just over a month after around a month of just non stop thinking of her. Afterwards, I unblocked her, we haven't spoke but she's not in my mind anymore. I still have the memories but they're not there unless I think about them.

I don't mind them being friends, but she talks about him way too much for my liking and I'm really not sure how to proceed or tell her how I feel without sounding like a dick and potentially sounding like I want to break up their friendship.
TL;DR: 