SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: My girlfriend [21F] of 1 year broke up with with me [22M] because "I love her more"
POST: Starting last week my girlfriend was acting a little strange. She just came back from a week long vacation from seeing her sister that lives several states away. I didn't think much of it, she has finals and dealing with work I marked it up to just stress. I tried to talk to her about it but she said she was fine. So it Thursday night and my girlfriend was supposed to come over to hangout nothing out of the ordinary. She texted me "when I get there can we go for a drive." I asked her what for and she's said "to talk about stuff" so my heart immediately sunk I knew something was going down.

She picked me up and we parked a few blocks over and started to talked. She asked if I ever thought of taking a break. Immediately I responded "no never, I love you very much" She just looked at me and said "ohh". She said that she wanted to break up because that my feelings for her were much stronger then she had for me. She said it didn't feel right in her heart and her feelings didn't develop like she thought they would. I still feel so blind sided by it all. I thought our relationship was perfect. I knew her all through high school and we decided to start dating when we started hanging out in college. 

We had our disagreements here and there but it was nothing major at all. We never had big fights. We shared the same feelings on so much. I asked her if there was anything I could change that would make her stay. Then she started sayig no and that I'm perfect the way I am I treated her amazing. She said she felt bad and she didn't want to drag the relationship on any longer if her heart wasn't fully in it. 

It just doesn't make and sense to me and feels completely out of the blue. I felt like she called it off so quickly with barely any emotion. I feel like she just gave up on me so quickly. I did everything I could for girl. I absolutely adored and loved her so much. I'd do anything for her to take me back.
TL;DR: 