SUBREDDIT: r/relationship_advice
TITLE: [27/m], freshly single. I'm lonely, have trouble connecting with most people, and dislike dating.
POST: So, I'll try to make this brief.  

My girlfriend just moved away; we can't do an LDR.  We both have strong feelings for one another, but this is just how it is and I accept it.  This is not the first time this has happened to me, so I am experienced in coping with this.  

As for issues connecting with people, I don't know.  I am an ivory tower, intellectual type.  I'm highly educated, a research psychologist and well-read on many other subjects.  Incidentally, the vast majority of my relationships within the last several years have been with, by chance and to my surprise every time, valedictorians.  This suggests to me that my most attractive quality is my intelligence, or that I am mostly attracted to girls who are highly intelligent.  Likely it works both ways.  

People also note that I am exceptionally honest, yet hard to get to know.  (Not entirely sure how that works?)

Problem:  There are only so many highly educated / open-minded girls in my area, and they're not easy to find.  Really, it's apparent that my local culture just doesn't value education or intelligence very much.  I have nothing against dating girls who are less interested in intellectual issues, per se.  That said, my love of exploring ideas is a defining feature of who I am.  Thus, I wish to have an SO that is comfortable openly discussing deep, if not controversial ideas.  This is difficult since, again, this is not normal in my local culture.  (For example, more than once people at the bar have interrupted my private conversations to mock me, referencing Einstein, just because I'm talking about some deep idea that I love.  Similarly, girls have literally shot me down by saying, "we'It's insulting, and reflects a culture wherein people hate ideas.  Perhaps I should speak less loudly when drinking, but that's another issue altogether).  

I am at university, but still..
TL;DR: 