SUBREDDIT: r/relationship_advice
TITLE: How do I [21F] tell my dad [55M] to back off?
POST: I would like to apologize for the block of text in advance.

Sorry.

Some background info:
My boyfriend [22M] and I have been dating for 4.5 years as of September 2015. My parents (Mom, Dad and Stepmother) and my little sister all really like him, and his family (mom, dad, stepmom, older brother, step-siblings) all like me. Boyfriend (we'll call him Joe) and met back in high school and go to colleges that are about 10 minutes away from each other. Right now we are living together, much to my dad's chagrin.

My dad started bugging us to get engaged since my freshman year of college (about 1.5 years into our relationship), but recently it has gotten really bad. My dad moved from California to Texas after my little sister graduated high school and every time I talk to him or go visit him over the holidays he asks me 'where this relationship is headed'. I know that he wasn't wild about me moving in with my boyfriend before getting engaged, he's a bit old fashion, but he has since accepted it. What he can't get over is that we've been dating for 4.5 years and I don't have a ring to show for it.

Recently my younger (6 months) cousin, his niece, got engaged and this has made things worse.
Joe and I have discussed getting engaged after we have both graduated, he has enough money to buy me a ring we both love, and we have our own place in the California Bay Area -so probably an apartment or a condo because houses will be too expensive for a while. He is graduating in December and I'll be graduating in May.

I have told my dad on multiple occasions that I will NOT get engaged while still in college, but just ignores me or brings everything up the next day. How do I explain to my dad, who tapes episodes of Say Yes to the Dress (which I really don't watch) for me and practically dragged me into a jewelry store to look at engagement rings, that he needs to stop harassing me and that Joe and I will get engaged when we are ready?
TL;DR: 