SUBREDDIT: r/pettyrevenge
TITLE: No Christmas Bonus? That's ok.
POST: A little background first: I am a secretary and work for a small family owned company that has been in business for 33 years. I started this past year, taking the position on as a second job. It is common knowledge at this company that for the first 31 years every year at Christmas time all the employees were given a full bonus, which was a check for 40 hours - essentially an extra paycheck worth one weeks pay - as well as hosting a company wide Christmas party at a local restaurant with an open bar. Last year, in the company's 32nd year, they were struggling with money and were having problems with several employees who were eventually let go for various reasons, but they still managed to give a bonus to everyone for 20 hours, so half of a paycheck, which in my opinion was still generous given the circumstances the business was facing financially and was a show of good faith to their employees. This year the company has been doing significantly better and could have afforded to give full 40 hour bonuses to the 10 employees that work there, however they did not. Now, I'm not by any means saying that they HAVE to give bonuses, cause well frankly they don't. Plus I have only worked there for 10 months, but a precedent had been set over the past 30 years, so a gesture would have been nice, one of the owners didn't even wish anyone a Merry Christmas when he called from his house in Florida. So we were all feeling a little bit like Clark Griswald. 

So my revenge: Being one of the two members of the office staff, I had a pretty good idea early on that there would be no bonuses. And as an underpaid, frustrated employee I decided to seize my moment and enact my revenge. I have a large family and always like to send a Christmas cards to them, spending at least $50 in postage each year. So one day about a week and a half before Christmas I addressed all of my envelopes brought them to work, and used the stamp machine in my office taking about $53 off of the account. $53 is far less than a 40 hour bonus would have been, but damn it felt good.
TL;DR: 