SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: On/Off partner [18 F] broke up with me [18 M] again. Now only wants to be friends.
POST: Okay so my friend and I developed a physical and romantic friendship at the beginning of the year. We discussed dating, but put it off, given that as long as I've known her she has been unable to date someone for more than a week or so. Her reasoning is that she doesn't feel like herself while in a relationship. However, emotions got the best of us and we started dating a few weeks after it began. 

After about two months, she broke up with me, saying she didn't feel like herself. I was upset but I came into it knowing it would happen. We continued talking after it, and about a week later I invited her over to my house to see a movie. While we were watching the movie, I kissed her, much to her surprise. It grew more heated and I ended up becoming her first time that night. She later told me that she had expected us to watch the movie as friends and didn't think that was going to happen, but was alright with how it turned out given that she was still attracted to me.

For about a month after that we began dating again, not as boyfriend/girlfriend, but as "monogamous romantic partners" as she called it. It continued like this until the prom, where she asked me out again. For a few weeks it was fine, but I noticed she was starting to get stressed out about it again. We had a talk about it and decided it would be better if we broke up.

Now she doesn't want to hang out with me for awhile, and is more distant than the first time this happened. According to her close friends (theyre also good friends of mine), this is because she still has feelings for me. She knows something will happen between us if we hang out and she doesn't want to go through another break up again.

So Reddit, I need some help. I don't want to date my friend again, given that it doesn't turn out well, but I want to get back into that position of romantic friends. Any thoughts?
TL;DR: 