SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: My girlfriend (16/f) and I (16/m) are currently taking a break
POST: I posted this yesterday over on a different subreddit but didn't get a lot of advice there, so I'm posting here because of the larger community and I would really appreciate all the feedback I get.

So here's some background information. Me and my girlfriend have been dating since December 18, 2011, so a little over a year now. We're both sophomores in highschool and recently have hit a rough patch in our relationship. She was diagnosed with depression and anxiety last summer and then was admitted into a psychiatric hospital in our city. After she got out, she was always depressed and the medication she was taking didn't appear to help, but I always managed to cheer her up. Her depression faded away for a while around October-November up until about a month go when it started affecting her more often. Since then we've had more arguments come up because of it messing with our relationship. 

She went to her psychiatrist last week and she recommended that we take a break, which we didn't end up doing. Then yesterday morning during class she sent me a message saying that she, "can't take it anymore!" and some other stuff saying how she wants to take a break because things weren't working out. 

Right before lunch she sent me a message saying, "You know I still love you right? I always will". I told her to leave me alone because I wanted some time to think about what to do. After school I messaged her asking if she wanted to take a break or break up completely. She couldn't make up her mind so I told her tell me in a couple days. 

I texted her again after school today and asked if she had made up her mind. She hadn't. I don't know if I should move on or wait for her. Like as in if she only wants a break, should I wait it out, or move on? Or if she wants to break up, should I move on, or try to win her back (again)? We've been through so much together and I absolutely love this girl with all of my heart to the point where we've discussed getting married many times, but now I don't know what to do. Any advice helps and ask me questions if you need more details.
TL;DR: 