SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I (23m) have never had a relationship and I am terrified and I have no idea what to do should that day come
POST: So.. this may not be the usual post here and I am not even sure if this is the right place since I am not even in a relationship and never have been, but that is kind of the point.

See, I am 23 years old now, I am a guy. I have been severely bullied throughout my childhood and teens, to the point where I never even ever had the chance to come close to something like a relationship with anyone at all. Well there was that one time that a girl kissed me, once and I am relatively sure that was out of pity after hearing that I had never even kissed anyone before.

Lately I have found myself feeling more lonely than usual and I have been thinking about the what-if's.

I don't have any sort of experience on how to even have a relationship. None. Zip. Nada. Even if by some act of god I would find someone that I like that likes me back and stuff happens. Then... what? Maybe the problem is that I don't even know what to expect out of a relationship anymore, all that I do know is that I feel the primal urge for... that someone special, but I don't even know anymore.

I have a hard time even putting my problem into words or even what I expect any of you to answer me. It's not like this is something you can read a handbook or manual or "Relationships 101 for Dummies" on. This is something that I should have learned naturally in my formative years but through circumstances out of my control that never happened.

How would I even go about explaining this to a hypothetical, prospective someone... that I know about as much about relationships as a newborn. That I have less experience in those kinds of things than most 12-year-olds.

At this point I just feel so terrified of it, that I am honestly considering that I should just come to terms with the fact that I will probably be single all my life and forget about it, find something else to fill the figurative void in my figurative heart.

I guess the
TL;DR: 