SUBREDDIT: r/legaladvice
TITLE: Collectors calling about a debt I don't think I should have to pay... Can I stop them?
POST: Almost 2 years ago I met with an advisor at a community college. I had full intent to being a few online courses assuming that they were within my budget. I took the aptitude test and was given a list of classes that I should consider. She even showed me how to use their website to sign up for classes and then I left. 

I decided not to enroll at the time since my hours were cut at work and I had real bills to worry about. 

After a few weeks I got curious about the courses being offered next semester and logged into their portal. When I checked my.edu email I saw several notices for an online class. I had no idea that the advisor had signed me up for a class while what I though was a demonstration. I was never even asked to pay for the class at the time and had never logged into the course before that day. 

So begins the problem…

I tried to drop the class but it was too late. I tried to reach out to the college but they denied removing me from the class. About a year ago the debt was sold to a collections company who have been hounding me ever since.

I've tried to explain to everyone why I don't feel responsible for the debt. I've pretty much dodge the collectors for a year. 

Today I answered a call from the collector thinking it was a call I was expecting. I explained to him again why I did not feel responsible for the debt.  I told him I was going to seek legal representation and he inquired what steps I've taken since this is the first time I've mentioned doing so. He got a little upset and continued to try to guilt me into accepting the debt. I requested that he no longer call and to send everything by mail. At first he ignored my request and asked again about who was representing me. I told him firmly again to mail me. 

What are my options here? Can I seek legal representation? I've never had to do anything like this before.
TL;DR: 