SUBREDDIT: r/relationship_advice
TITLE: Girlfriend [F/19] says she wants to things down with me [M/20] but I feel like I've lost her
POST: So my girlfriend and I have been dating for a little over 6 months. We moved quite fast, having sex within the first couple weeks and mutually exchanged "I love you" only about 2 and a half months in. She is very close with her family and meeting them was a big deal for her and I met them 3 and a half months in.

Everything was going great, we spent 4-5 days a week with each other and talked all the time about anything and everything. Out of nowhere 2 weeks ago she says she feels like we need to slow things down so that we didn't mess up what we have and that she feels a little smothered. She wanted to hang out less and have sex less frequently and I said I was game for that as I understood where she was coming from.

Fast forward to the last couple days and I call her to talk about her day and see when we could hang out next. I brought up how I haven't seen her at all aside from her summer league volleyball games I went to in the last 2 weeks. She apologizes and she and when I brought up that I understand taking things slow but not seeing each other really at all isn't taking it slow, it's nil. She gets a little angry and says "I guess taking things slow aren't working for you, maybe we should just take a break." I said that maybe we should just end it there if she thinks a break is necessary and she retorted by saying I was being stubborn about a break because, even though it usually means breakup, it doesn't with us. She then said "we can talk more about this in the morning, I love you, goodnight," and hung up on me.

The next morning she takes back what she said and says she wants to just take things slow and that she loves me but that she has a lot going on in life and needs time to sort that out. She's been worrying about school and what she wants to do in life and is panicking because she has no idea.

My question is, have I lost her or is this taking it slow thing what she legitimately needs and that she does want to stay together?
TL;DR: 