SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [22F] with my boyfriend [25M] of 1 year, not sure about moving in together and parents are not down.
POST: Hello reddit! So here's the situation: me and my boyfriend have been together for about one year. After graduating from college in May, I ended up in an apartment with a flexible lease (can end it with 60 days notice at any point throughout the year) in an apartment about 5 minutes away from my boyfriend's house. I have one roommate, a guy that graduated a couple years before me from the same school but wasn't someone I knew previously, and his dog, who barks every time I enter the apartment and I'm generally not crazy about. I've ended up spending 99% of my time at my boyfriend's place and sleep there every night, basically using the apartment as a large closet where I go to pick up or drop off my stuff sometimes. 

My boyfriend and I are very compatible and have had minimal issues "living together" as we have been the past few months. Only problem that could be more of an issue in the future is that he isn't the type to go out to bars or stay out late and I like to do that occasionally, but there's a bed in his basement and we've discussed that I could sleep there if I happen to be getting home way past his bedtime.

It seems like it would make sense for me to just move in with my boyfriend officially at this point and stop wasting money on the other apartment, but I know that one year isn't a very long time to have been together before making a big decision like that, especially since I'm so young. To add to that, my parents have told me that they would **not** be comfortable with me living with him and not having a backup situation in case something went wrong. 

I don't want to jump into this without thinking it through, but the current situation is stressing me out a lot and I'm ready for some sort of change. My boyfriend also thinks that I should move in with him (and is generally pushing it more than I am), but my parents still help me out financially and are very important to me, so I don't want to ignore their advice. Let me know what you think!
TL;DR: 