SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [23M] have trouble looking past my [23F] girlfriend's previous long term relationships [4 mo].
POST: I've been dating this girl four months. Her best friend is the wife of my brother's best friend. It's safe to say that we love one another. We truly enjoy each other's company, we treat one another with respect and trust, we agree on just about everything, we have a healthy sexual relationship, and her family is fond of me and vice versa.

I met her in high school when I was an acquaintance of her first long term boyfriend. He's long since out of the picture considering it was ~8 years ago. 

However, she has been in relationships pretty much continuously since she was 15. I've had two long term relationships; both lasted between a year and a half and three years. The last long term relationship I was a couple years ago. 

She was single for one year before we started dating. But previous to that she was in a number of long term relationships - each of them lasting 2 or more years. She says she has always been faithful to her boyfriends, and I absolutely believe her. 

We sometimes talk about how good we are for one another, and about our future together. However, I have trouble believing I really am significant. We've only been together a fraction of the time she was with any of them. I sometimes think about the sex she had with all of them (although I know I shouldn't), and I worry that maybe she falls in love too easily. She says she was single the past year because she was tired of dating guys that didn't treat her right, but stayed with them because it was "comfortable".

Her past two boyfriends were heavy into marijuana and other drug use (dealers). Last night she said she stayed with both of them because it was easy for her to get weed through them. We were both pretty heavy into drug use for years, but we've both since discontinued all drug use aside from drinking.

She treats me very well, and I love her, and I want this to last. But how can I convince myself that the way she is comfortable with me is any healthier or different than the way she was comfortable with the rest of them?
TL;DR: 