SUBREDDIT: r/relationship_advice
TITLE: My mom [50/F] hates my sister-in-law [24/F]...
POST: It all started when my brother and sister-in-law began dating over six years ago. Initially, she didn't know what she wanted and really led him on. They dated and broke up several times. She dated his best friend, dated other guys, and didn't talk to him for long spans of times during which they were broken up. 

Eventually, they both got over this, figured out what they wanted, and dated for another few years. During this time, they both moved across the country from both families and pursued challenging careers that pushed them to strengthen their relationships. About a year and a half ago, they got married. Obviously, my brother has gotten over all of the issues they had. My mom didn't.

My mom is so negative towards my sister in law, and any time her name is brought up, she always speaks in an accusatory tone. We'll call my brother Kevin and my sister in law Janette. My mother will say things like, "Kevin moved because of her. He would have stayed closer, but she made him more" or "Janette must hate children, and she is forcing him not to have any" or even things as petty as "She likes her parents better than us and that's why they won't stay at our house during the holidays." 

I like my sister-in-law. I respect her, and I feel like my mother needs to accept the fact that they are married and act with each other first in the other person's mind. Every time I defend her, my mother responds with another negative comment. If I defend her more, my mother will either a) get more upset or b) give me the silent treatment.

I hate hearing someone I respect being verbally antagonized without even being given the chance to defend herself (considering she lives far away). Despite telling my mother that I don't like hearing such comments, she continues. 

Should I continue to step in and defend her or should I pursue another course of action? I don't know how to deal with this situation. Help?
TL;DR: 