SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: My [M/22] girlfriend [F/22] will periodically decide to not speak to me. What?
POST: So this has happened before, but happened worse the other night. I come home from work to see my girlfriend of three years... and everything is going fine. We were planning to go out to see some friends, and then suddenly these friends cancelled on us. This made me pretty frustrated, because I was already getting ready to go/was tired from work earlier. Suddenly, my girlfriend just refused to talk to me. 

"What's wrong?" I asked.

She just looks slowly at me and says nothing. 

"Is everything ok?"

She just stares at me for a solid three minutes, completely silent. This goes on for about half an hour, with me trying to talk to her and her saying absolutely nothing. I'm getting pretty tired at this point, so I say this:

"Look, I am incredibly tired and having a hard time staying awake. If you want to have a conversation, I am up for it and have made it clear that I am up for it for the past half hour. If you refuse to engage though, I'm probably going to fall asleep."

She stares at me for another few minutes, and sure enough... I crash. 

The next morning, she's even angrier at me. 

"How could you sleep knowing that I'm upset? It's like you don't even care and didn't even try." (That's a direct quote).

This behavior is kind of alarming to me. When she gets upset (turns out she was angry that I got frustrated about not going out with our friends... because I was more disappointed to not be seeing them than I was to be seeing her), she completely shuts down and wants me to do everything. She won't even tell me why she's upset, leaving me to guess what's wrong... because I "should know what the problem is."

Does anyone else's SO do this? I'm starting to question the longevity of this relationship if she can't even talk to me about these things. I have rarely been so annoyed in my life than when she just sat there staring at me for half an hour.
TL;DR: 