SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [19 M] am confused about what a romantic relationship actually is.
POST: Hello /r/relationships!

As the title implies, I have been wondering what a romantic relationship actually is.

I so far haven't had any mutual relationships (or any non-mutual ones that I know of), of this kind. This means my assumptions are mostly based on fiction, second hand information and common sense.

I have experienced attraction and I guess I have experienced what most people would call a "crush" to some extent. Romantic love to me is a very fuzzy concept. From what I understand it is not simply attraction and also "more" then a "crush".

Recently I have been wondering if I might have experienced romantic love without actually noticing it as such or putting that label on it. While what I suspect might have been romantic love doesn't really satisfy the implications of fiction/second hand experience on this topic, the pattern in which I have experienced it leads me to find it reasonably likely to be exactly that.

I would describe it as a desire to be known and to know the other individual completely, combined with over average caring about their wellbeing and experiencing the presence of the other as unusually pleasant. It's not tied to any desire for sexual/romantic behavior, while physical contact, as in hugs and simple touches, is experienced as pleasant.

Now, all these things are to some degree part of any normal friendship to me, and considering how everybody is making such a huge fuss about romance, I would expect a more distinct difference.

Usually I wouldn't care and just ignore the topic until things develop naturally, but there is a reasonable chance I will be moving in with someone I might have romantic feelings towards who is currently in a relationship with someone else and while I would really enjoy this persons company, I would like to avoid the potential drama/feeling-like-shit due to unreciprocated love I am lead to expect due to the knowledge available to me in case I actually do have these feelings.
TL;DR: 