SUBREDDIT: r/relationship_advice
TITLE: [24m] I found my girlfriend [25/f] crying in the dark during a party
POST: Hey reddit. We've been dating for 6 years, i'm 24m, she's 25f, my flatmate is 26f.

Last Saturday, I came home from work to find my flatmate (26f) had invited a few of her friends over before they went out clubbing. I walked in to find my girlfriend baking and generally keeping to herself, while our flatmate was talking animatedly to the first guest to arrive (there was only one person).

Our flatmate, my girlfriend, and I have been all living together for about four months now.

Anyway, as the night went on and as more people came inside, the house got louder, the people more drunk, and it got to the point where she had to run into the bedroom. I thought she just wanted some alone time with the laptop or something, but I followed her in after a few minutes and found her crying on the bed. I consoled her and told her everything was going to be okay (I didn't know what to do :x sorry gf + reddit), and after a while she seemed fine, so we went back outside.

I was invited to go out with the flatmate and her friends (they're all part of some couch surfing community) and she went back into the room. I followed her inside again after giving her some alone time and found her huddled in blankets, lights out, crying quietly.

So of course, I didn't go out, and shooed them all out to town, and stayed back. But I don't know what to do reddit. I tried talking to her about it, she says she doesn't really know. I think she doesn't deal well with a loss of control or with sudden developments that she hadn't planned for (she gets irritated at plans that fall apart e.g. we had planned to visit a place but couldn't find parking - she'd rather go home angry at the world instead of thinking of other things to do that might be fun).

I'm slightly angry at her (I mean I know I shouldn't be) because I actually did want to go out after work but I stayed at home instead. And now I feel kind of selfish for feeling that way.
TL;DR: 