SUBREDDIT: r/AskReddit
TITLE: Rented a vacation house and the owner is trying to scam us with the security deposit
POST: Hey reddit,
my gf and I are having an hard time after we rented a vacation home for 4 days in Pocono last week (Memorial day).
We paid (by check) the full amount including 150$ of security deposit.

The house was supposed to have a working hot tub. When we got there we noticed that the tub was making a loud noise and reported an error (FL1) on the screen. 
Also, there were stains on the carpets pretty much every 3-4 ft. Those stains were clearly old.

So the first day we contacted the owner by email (and phone, but she ignored the calls) letting her know that the hot tub wasn't working. In the contract is written that they would provide maintenance for the hot tub, and they didn't.
We clearly told them that we choose this house (more expensive) just because we wanted an hot tub (fun fun fun) so we requested also at least 100$ back from the total rental price.

We tried for a week to contact the owners (4 different phone numbers and by email) but they of course ignored us. Today she sent us images (dated 2 DAYS after we checked out of the property) from the cleaning crew showing that the hot tub cover was moved (never touched the thing since it wasn't even working, and there were storms the nights after we left - so it could have been moved by wind/heavy rain) and showing stains that were already there when we got in. Also, those stains pictured are from a bedroom on the second floor which we didn't even use, and opened only the first day to check it out, leaving it closed for the remaining of the trip.

So, I checked online for her name and I found other people complaining about the SAME house and SAME owner, doing the same thing to them: scamming the security deposit.

I don't care about the 150$ so much, I just want to see those scumbags burn in the fire of the law. What can I and should I do now?
I was thinking to call the PA District Attorney, but that's as far as I know about law...
Any help, reddit?
TL;DR: 