SUBREDDIT: r/dating_advice
TITLE: I'm terrible at beginning relationships.
POST: I literally have no idea how to do it. Every relationship I've been (all 3) were essentially set up by friends. None of them lasted longer than a few weeks, either... all high school relationships though, to be fair.

I'm now at college 2000 miles away from home (school in Ohio, I'm from Washington), and I don't have friends to do everything for me any more. I generally don't mind being an introverted person. I have fairly limited hobbies, I mostly just drum a lot, so I don't have much in common with most people who aren't also musicians. That said, however, I really want to start dating more this year, and maybe even (gasp) get farther than making out with a girl for once. 

I don't even know where to start. I overanalyze everything, and whenever I even consider asking a girl out I get that weird sinking feeling in my stomach. It's like performing in front of 2500 people, except that doesn't even make me nervous anymore. Asking someone out to dinner? Helll no, probably because I've never done it. What's she gonna way? What will we do? Where will we go? Does she have a boyfriend I don't know about? What will we do after dinner? What do I wear? On, and on, and on, all this meaningless bullshit running through my head.

Talking to girls is fine, as long as they're someone I'm interested in and have things to talk about with. The girl I'm interested in right now, for example - we're in the same language class, she's also a percussionist, etc. She's awesome, funny, all that. Conversation while we're studying for physics? Sure. Asking her to dinner on Friday? All the words get stuck in my head.

So... What's the difference? How do I break from having my friends set up relationships - i.e. tell me the girl likes me, tell the girl I like her, until there's no doubt she'll say yes - to actually growing a pair and doing shit on my own? I'm determined not to spend the next 4 years single and a virgin, but it looks depressingly likely.
TL;DR: 