SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: My [27M] wife [25F] keeps coming with me on my business trips but won't do anything with me that involves my coworkers.
POST: My company allows us to bring our spouse as long as we pay for their food and transportation. She has come with me on 5 of my trips over the past 2 years (I travel a lot). She only attends if I am going somewhere that she is interested in exploring. Well it has becoming frustrating because we only work normal hours until 5pm and after that my coworkers and bosses all get together to do something every night. 

They always tell me to invite her but she always declines. Not once has she accepted an invitation and she has never formally met any of them because of it. I still go with them by myself and she doesn't care and just goes off and entertains herself somewhere. But I'm just starting to feel embarrassed. It feels like I have this mystery wife that comes with me on trips and hides the whole time or something. She doesn't purposely hide from anyone, she just kinda does her own thing and hasn't ended up in a situation where she has had to meet a coworker somehow. 

I've talked to her about this and she says that she just loves traveling and she only comes so she can have her own solo vacation with the bonus of having me still close by. She said that the idea of having dinner or going bowling with 50+ of my coworkers makes her feel out of place so she would rather not have to because it will make her very uncomfortable. 

Her not attending makes me uncomfortable. No one has said anything besides "Where's the wife?" but it just makes me feel like it is giving them the wrong impression. She said that next time she will go and do something with everyone if she has to but made it very clear that she is uncomfortable with it. 

I don't know what to do. If I don't make her go then I will be uncomfortable but making her go will make her uncomfortable. Also, not many people do bring their spouses. 3 out of the 5 times she was the only spouse that attended. 

Should I just let this one go? Is this just me over thinking it? Like I said, no one has actually said anything to me about it I just feel like they are thinking it is really strange.
TL;DR: 