SUBREDDIT: r/tifu
TITLE: TIFU by allowing infants to play with insecticide
POST: I've been trying to grow an avocado plant out of a seed for a couple of months. After it sprouted I planted it in a proper flowerpot. Some weeks later I started to notice that despite all my care, the poor plant started drying up, and there's when I realized that there were some nasty white bugs leeching all around it. I asked my mother what to do (she's a great gardener) and she told me to go to a plant shop and buy an all purpose insecticide.

After reading the insecticide's bottle (with skulls, toxicity warnings and everything) looking for instructions, I start mixing a small quantity of said chemical (transparent) with water, resulting in a milk-like white liquid, and then spraying it on the desired plants. My mother had already warned me about the terrible smell that it had, that I should be careful handling it.

They also say that the sensory memory is the strongest of them, because as soon as I opened the bottle, the insecticide's awful stench reminded me of an event that had taken place a couple of years earlier, when I had to take care of my little cousins (5 to 9 years old at the time) one hot Sunday:

It was almost summer and it was warm enough to organize a couple of water games for my cousins in my backyard. I started gathering anything from the house that could hold water: buckets, water guns, balloons... and suddenly I remembered that for some reason there were some empty spray bottles (like [this one] in my house, and decided to look for them. Three were empty, but about three of them already had something inside - an awful smelling white substance on them. I washed them all at once, but the foul odor didn't fade in the least. I said 'fuck it' and decided that was enough and took them with the rest.

Afterwards, I immediately realized that I had allowed little kids to play with bottles that had held liquid that came on a bottle with skulls.

Fortunately nothing happened to my cousins so far AFAIK.
TL;DR: 