SUBREDDIT: r/AskReddit
TITLE: Should people get extra time for university examinations because of disabilities like ADD?
POST: Do you think that schools should accommodate people with disabilities like ADD when they are writing examinations with things like extra time or open book exams?  Should there be any safeguards put in place?  How much privacy is the student requesting the accommodation entitled to?

I am asking this because there is a general debate going on in my school regarding rumours of accommodation that some other students are receiving.  The rumour is that one student receives additional time and gets to write an open book exam.  Our school is also anonymous with exams, so these exams go back into the global pile and the professor has no idea who has or has not received accommodation.  It could be possible for this person to write thousands of additional words.  The rumour is also that this person receives outstanding grades.  It is also important to note that we are marked on a curve for the class of 160, and the job market is very competitive, so that is where there is this debate.

One faction of the debate argues that for the type of degree we are obtaining, you really cannot be unable to work under time and pressure constraints.  There is unlikely to be this type of accommodation in the workplace, so is the school setting these students up for failure by allowing them to get degrees in a field that they won't be able to work in?

One faction of the debate argues that there are serious barriers in education systems for people with disabilities.  Furthermore, examinations often have little correlation to actual abilities anyways, so the entire degree is arbitrary and there is no point even debating the issue.

I'm not asking specifically about whatever policies your university or jurisdiction has regarding accommodation (but the discussion could go there).  What is your reaction regarding the fairness and equity for accommodation, considering the perspectives of those who claim disabilities and also the class at large.
TL;DR: 