SUBREDDIT: r/relationship_advice
TITLE: I think my relationship is verging upon being overly physical... and I don't want it that way (I'm 19/F)
POST: Alright reddit, I need your advice

I had an internship in Germany this summer and I met this guy (21/M) and we instantly became the closest of friends. There were a few "lost in translation" moments here and there, but his English is generally good. 3 weeks after our friendship we started become interested in each other as more than friends and he went about the most romantic way of stealing my heart. So much that a week later when it was time for me to fly back to the States, I decided to keep in touch with him until I returned to Germany in three months for my semester abroad.

In those 3 months we grew even closer together. Texted almost everyday and skyped every weekend. He even sent me surprise packages in the post, and he had all my best friends swooning. It was like having a boyfriend/best friend without the burden. We could talk to each other about absolutely anything.

Fast forward to December and we were so ecstatic to see each other. The first day of us being reunited went as perfectly as I dreamed it would, but it started to get weirder from there. All the suppressed sexual frustration came out too soon and two weeks after my arrival we had sex. And now I'm scared our relationship is almost 70% physical. Yeah we go out on dates, cook together, etc. But it always leads to physical outcomes, every single time we see each other. And before the sex, it was always 2nd or 3rd base.
Although that doesn't take away from the fact that he treats me fantastically and goes out of his way to do so. Also if I'm not in the mood to fool around, he'll gladly listen.

I know we had a mental connection, but now I feel like it's sort of simmering away. I just want to bring it back... how should I go about doing this? If nothing works then I don't know if I want a relationship. I had an awful one that ended in January (which was also overly physical) and I'm scared of getting hurt again.
TL;DR: 