SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [22 M] with my GF [22 F] of 3 years, no sex and considering a breakup
POST: This past weekend my girlfriend of three years went to her college homecoming and I spent the weekend at home. On Saturday I found myself extremely bored and all of my friends were busy, so I went for a drive to kill time until one of them could hang later.

During this drive I just listened to music and thought....

I recognized that I hate being home and really want to go live life because I'm 22. I wanna live back in the city (where college was) with my friends and have tons to do again. I'm just becoming very unhappy at home and as I'm applying for tons of jobs, just want to make sure that I don't pass up any decisions or opportunities.

My GF of three years works for her family's business and plans to continue it with no real flexibility on leaving the area. We have been very close friends for around 8 or 9 years now and started dating 3 years ago. I've been starting to get frustrated because we still haven't had sex yet and now that we are both living at home again there is pretty much 0 alone time. I think that the living situation is making me more frustrated about no sex and the entire relationship, but with my new feelings towards my own life, I feel like our relationship has hit quite the standstill and we've grown apart or differently. I'm now noticing major differences with our interests and what's important to us individually.

I love my girlfriend, and care about her a lot. Our relationship has been great, but considering everything I'm feeling, I'm curious if it's still the best thing for me? I don't necessarily want to break up, but I sure as hell don't want to miss opportunities or throw away my 20's in my hometown. Between this and no-sex, I just don't know if I can go on doing this.
The whole thing has me feeling really confused, upset, worried and nervous. I'm not sure what to do or how to handle it. Part of me feels like I should wait and see where I get a job or plan to live before making any decisions because with that might come improvement to our relationship, but I'm just looking for some advice and opinions...
TL;DR: 