SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [25M] want to move to another state for a job while my pregnant fiance [23F] refuses to even listen to me about it
POST: My fiance and I have been together for 3 years now, when we first starting dating we talked about our plans, we each wanted to go to finish school for our respective careers and I have had plans to move away for the past 10 years now as soon as I got the chance and she agreed that we should one day. Well due to some issues that I wont get into here I was unable to finish school and my fiance wound up dropping out and not not going back despite claims that she wants to. We've both been struggling to get by thanks to our decisions and I convinced myself that my dreams of leaving had been shattered due to some mistakes.

Well due to our combined income being less than 40k a year as it stands I've been looking for a better job that I can support us with when I finally found one. It will require me to go out of state for 6 weeks of training and then transfer to another state to work in, I will be making 45k a year if I take the job and they have informed me that there are raises every 6 months which in several years will put me closer to 60k a year. I told my fiance about the job offer and she instantly become upset and told me that she doesn't want to leave her family and has no intention of ever leaving she also told me during this argument that she was late. A couple of days later we bought a pregnancy test and it came back positive, we're going to be parents. Now I feel that this job is necessary to take care of them as I will be making more than both of us starting off. She is now using this as more of an excuse not to leave. I have to let the company know by the end of the week. She told me that if I take the job that we are done. I don't want to leave her or the child but this job would be great for us, I also don't like that she is now against ever moving away as we agreed that we should one day and she knows that I am miserable here. I have no idea what to do here...
TL;DR: 