SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [28 M] with my [24 F] girlfriend moved to a new city. She hasn't found a job yet and is running out of money. How do I gently motivate her?
POST: We moved across the country because I got a really great job offer and we agree'd we needed a change of pace from our home city/state. She is waiting for her final credits for her masters degree to go through inorder to apply for a specialized license in her field (thus allowing her to apply to places - you need this license to get a job in her medical field) She has a few weeks left before she can even start applying for full-time work, and is slowly running out of her savings since she has no income currently. 

I pay for most things (which I don't mind about, rent, internet, utilities etc.) and wasn't sure if by doing so I was enabling her to not get a part time job. She is very comfortable day-to-day, has no worries or bills, but has recently been complaining about overwhelming feelings of anxiety, worthlessness, and a slight depression. 

I try to remain positive and suggest going out and doing things/going to events, but during the week while shes home all day, she reverts back into not having any fire under her. I have been suggesting getting a part time job, and have friends that gave me numbers and places that they know of or have friends at that would interview her, but she seems completely removed from it all. 

She will simultaneously complain about not having the money to do anything, and also that she's not sure about a part time job because it might complicate her job search for full-time work when she starts. I was contemplating asking her to pay for more, to kind of pressuring her into having to have an income. Anyone else have any tips or anything for dealing with this? I don't want to offend her, I just want her to get on her feet and not feel so overwhelmed. I think getting a part time job would solve a lot of that for her, it would get her out, meet people, have some money, give her a goal towards getting out of it to her full-time job in the field she went to school for.

Thank you in advance!
TL;DR: 