SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me 41M with my mentally ill brother 35M asked to help by his wife 40F
POST: My sister in law "Ann" called me in tears last night and can't cope with my brother "Tom" any more. They have two young children and have been married for 16 years. Tom has a masters degree but can't keep a job. He has been diagnosed PTSD but I think there are other serious mental issues going on with him. He has extreme paranoia, has completely white hair, and has zero skills when it comes to money and interpersonal interaction. 

I flew Tom out here a few months ago to give Ann a break and to see for myself. He only stayed a few nights with me, borrowed a lot of money, and changed his flight to go back earlier than we had agreed. We didn't interact much. I definitely have to walk on egg shells around him. We didn't fight but we didn't communicate either.

According to Ann, he is now getting worse. He refuses to admit a problem, his counselor seems to just validate him, and he is a financial black hole. Ann is having to do all the work as mom, dad, and breadwinner.  I asked if she was concerned for her safety and she said yes. But she feels trapped.

I am willing to fly my brother back out here to give my SIL  a break. She said "At least a month" I'm not thrilled about inviting chaos into my life. I am a single dad, and have young kids at home full time myself. My brother is very suspicious of me and has made some pretty insane claims that I got him fired from several jobs and that I installed spyware on his computer and track him.

I'm concerned my brother is not able to function in society and is a step away from homelessness. I love him. I don't know how to help. My mom had serious mental health issues, and I housed and provided for her for several years until it destroyed my own marriage and I had to put her in a nursing home. I also cared for my dad until he died of Alzheimer's. I feel like I am the "responsible" one and my other siblings are looking to me to step in yet again.
TL;DR: 