SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [28F] am moving in with my gamer boyfriend [28M] and wondering if/what ground rules to lay down.
POST: My boyfriend and I have been dating for 2.5 years and are getting ready to move in together. He stays over 4-5 nights per week now as it is, we're talking about marriage, etc. We're definitely ready.

I'm a total non-gamer. I have a 4 year old son who I have full custody of and he has become very attached to my boyfriend. My boyfriend is a huge gamer – he uses it to pass the time, escape into a different world, interact with others. I see zero harm in it, as that's very much like being an avid reader or in a book club. Everyone has their "thing," and he's a normal, functioning adult outside of his house.

My fear, though, is how our lives will mesh now that video games will be in MY house. Should I lay down some ground rules? I don't want my son ignored while my boyfriend is constantly in the media room. He sees my boyfriend as a father figure. 

Is it unfair of me to lay down ground rules (for example, no gaming when my son is trying to play with us – if my son is watching TV or doing something solo, gaming is okay). I don't want to be responsible for all of the housework while he's playing either – I would still expect help with the dishes, general straightening/laundry, etc. before he delves into his games. 

I also have hobbies (I like to read and knit, which are solo activities as well), so I'm not particularly worried about being "bored" while he's playing or anything. But ideally, I would also like to go to bed together/at the same time most nights. Between work and my son, the end of the day is really our only alone-time together besides the weekends.

Do you think laying down some rules would be unfair? If not, can you think of any other "ground rules" I should discuss with him?

I've never been involved with a gamer until this relationship, and it hasn't affected it at all so far. I'm just scared of what a different dynamic it might be having video games in the house.
TL;DR: 