SUBREDDIT: r/AskReddit
TITLE: High-beams on. Why does every semi truck driver flash their headlights at me at night?
POST: On a divided highway, I keep my high beams on all the time. Why does EVERY truck driver flash their high beams at me at night? HEAR ME OUT, I'm not as retarded as you are thinking right now:

I live in the prairies, Canada. Our highways are long, straight, and double divided. There is usually a large grassy median dividing both directions, usually about 25 meters between. And at nighttime on such a divided hwy, I personally have never had an approaching vehicle's headlights be so bright as to blind my view of the road, or impede safety. NEVER. And usually I'll pass other oncoming cars who keep their brights on and all is peachy. 

But semi truck drivers take issue. About 80% of every lori that passes in the opposite direction flashes, multiple times. Sometimes they get so annoyed they start flick every switch on their dashboard.  Now, I understand courtesy. But I know for a fact that my bright headlights are not blinding them. It's not possible. So is this a habit thing? Is this an unwritten rule of the road? Because if it is, that's not good enough for me. I'm sorry, truck driver, but you're gonna have to live with my brights staying on. 

From our province's driver training, on SGI.sk.ca :
"Many drivers make the mistake of dimming their headlights too soon to ensure that they do not blind the driver of an oncoming vehicle. While the intent behind this is good, these drivers are putting themselves at risk by unnecessarily reducing their visibility.... If you are on a divided highway where the distance between the roadways is 22 m (70 ft) or more, you do not need to dim your headlights."

There. Suck it, semi driver. The law is on my side. For safety. 

If you are a semi driver that I've just offended, and you've experienced oncoming vehicles on divided hwys leaving their high-beams on, can you honestly say it has blinded you? Do you know/experience something we lowly car people do not?
TL;DR: 