SUBREDDIT: r/AskReddit
TITLE: I have been seeing and old friend's sister for a while. He doesn't know, Am I handling this right.
POST: Hi Everyone,

Never quite been in an askreddit situation until now but I think this is a good time to start. I'm 25 years old and I have been seeing a high school friend's, Let's call him Jack, 20 year old sister,call her Jill, for over a year now. Jill and I haven't really hidden it from anyone around us but somehow I am almost positive he has no idea about us. Everyone is worried to tell him because he's very protective. We've never really hung out around him specifically because we were concerned by his possible reaction.

I was fairly close friends with Jack in high school but since then other than a few random parties or something we haven't really spoken very much. He brought Jill to a party well over a year ago and we hit it off. We have so much in common it's scary and she's everything I would look for in a long-term relationship except the brother approval snag.

Tonight I was rolling(used ecstasy) for the first time and it caused me to kind of sit and evaluate relationships with people around me. I am generally an introverted person and very caged with emotion, despite feeling very strongly. I realized how I really feel about this relationship and came to the conclusion I needed to tell him. 

We maintain several mutual friends that we are both close with so I am trying to be tactful. I sent him a text message a few minutes ago and was looking for feedback if I am handling this right. Also, anything you guys think I should talk about him with when he gets in touch with me?

Text: Hey Jack, It's mks7800. I know we haven't spoken in a long time but I think we are overdue to talk about a few things. Let me know when you're free on Aim/Facebook/Phone/out for a drink and I'll let you know about a few things.

I appreciate if anyone reads this. Any advice on this somewhat sticky situation is very much appreciated.

-mks7800
TL;DR: 