SUBREDDIT: r/self
TITLE: About to start my adult life while I also believe it might be the worst time to.
POST: I'm 18, Canadian, Female, about to go into the world and begin living very soon, however I'm afraid of the world today, the government we have, and the government other people are supporting. I fear that the rumours are true, my generation will be the generation that witnesses the beginning of WWIII and nearing the end of parts of our world. My generation is said to be the generation that'll bring thousands of new jobs, then destroy it all because of a single problem, the problem that starts all wars, power, we are power and money hungry kids who have very little discipline and take offence at everything. These people I am growing up with are some of the smartest people I know however we all act like we are invincible, like we are God, like nothing can harm us we are the generation to end the war on drugs but start the war between North America and everyone else. The person I believe to start these wars none other than of course Donald Trump, can't denied it I loved the guy sure he was a dick to most people but he got his job done and did what he wanted with his life. But seriously I cannot ignore the insane resemblance of behaviour to Hitler everyone is saying it half joking but it is very serious that he is acting exactly like Hitler before he was actually voted in. He was power hungry, money hungry, blaming problems in his country on another race, wanting them to identify themselves by wearing special id's or arm bands. You may all think this is coincidence but before Hitler became too power hungry, he was known as the leader who could bring Germany out of any problem he made them more money faster than ever before, but once he realized what he could do with the amount of people willing to follow him anywhere he went down and down and did not stop. It's more than coincidence it's a similar personality, a similar person and I hope that he has more control as it seems he is pulling lead.
TL;DR: 