SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: How do I [24F] just learn to accept myself at my current weight and put myself out there?
POST: Dear r/relationships,

This is a hard thing for me to write. I'm 24 years old and I've been in just one relationship. I've always let my weight hold me back, because I was/am convinced that due to my weight, guys wouldn't be interested in me. But more than that, I'm uncomfortable in my skin, too. 

I see what people on Reddit say and in the real world about fat women, especially ones who say they have an illness. I actually have an endocrine and an autoimmune disorder that greatly reduces my resting metabolic rate, and eating like a normal girl my age actually leads me to gain weight. Luckily for my health, I'm not obese or anything, but I AM overweight and I don't lose weight like any other normal girl unless I'm at a super deficit. I won't make excuses because if I was able to hold strong on eating much less than I'm used to/everyone else, hormones willing, I could probably do it. But I feel so bummed when I see people talking about how lazy fat women are, such as: oh haha, suuuure she has an "illness," can't she just stick to a 1500 (or whatever #) calorie diet?

I'm working on it and haven't given up on keeping on trying to lose weight. But I'm holding myself back *now.* After internalizing a lot of comments like the ones above, I'm too afraid to flirt with guys in person or to put myself up on a dating website, even though I logically know it's ridiculous. I'm worried about guys or girls snickering behind my back. Despite the fact that tons of people who aren't skinny have normal relationships, and I never think that when I see bigger girls dating or flirting! I just don't know how to get myself out of that mindset. 

It's putting my life on hold, too. I want to be able to date and experience relationships, but I have no idea how to come to terms with my weight as it is **now.** 

Advice? Similar situations out there? Suggestions?
TL;DR: 