SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [19m] have become fixated on marriage but I am in no position to plan marriage. Need help understanding and managing my thoughts!
POST: For a bit of background, I am a 19 year old college student, and I have been in a relationship with a girl [19f] I feel I connect with on every level for about 8 months.  While I do think we are still honeymooning a bit, I do see a real future with her.  She requires quite a bit of attention, but I honestly think that is best for me: I like to be in that role.  My girlfriend and I have a BDSM dynamic, and she sees me in a Daddy Dom role.  I love taking care of her, it literally gets me off.

Recently my siblings both became engaged and frankly I am enamored with the idea of marriage.  I catch myself grazing my thumb against my ring finger, imagining what a wedding band would feel like.  Whenever I'm studying for a crucial exam, I get motivated by imagining myself being able to provide for my girlfriend-now-wife and children.  When we are having sex, I imagine her as my housewife (note, she knows about this fantasy).

All these behaviors sound harmless and possibly constructive for me, but I fear this fixation might bloom into something inappropriate.  As much as I would like to, getting married young tends to be a bad idea for many reasons.  I have actually discussed the idea of marriage with her (although not seriously, we just talk about everything).  She is excited by the idea too.  We have both acknowledged we probably will not be the same people in five years that we are today.  I want to be financially secure before I settle into a life with someone, and that's not going to happen for quite some time.  It's just a terrible idea to plan marriage at this point, but I can't stop thinking about it.

In short, my heart says "yay!", my brain says "slow down, idiot!".  I believe I am maturely managing my obsession with marriage, but I want to keep this feeling in check.  Can anyone help me understand these feelings?  How can I keep my head on my shoulders?
TL;DR: 