SUBREDDIT: r/tifu
TITLE: TIFU by getting a friend fired from work. At least it was due to her own actions, but still.
POST: I work at a chain restaurant and lately we have had a lot of "coupon fraud." Basically, this means servers steal stacks of coupons or print them from their computer under false emails (or snatch them out of local newspapers but this is more rare) and add them to all their cash checks. Since they are their "own bank" and don't pay the restaurant until the end of the night, those coupons that were never really used when someone gives them cash and says keep the change end up being an extra five, ten, whatever dollars in their pocket... sometimes costing us hundreds and hundreds of dollars in losses, impacting manager salaries and bonuses, and also impacting even other hourly employees who are on the upper end of the ladder trying to move up.

I found out this mass coupon fraud was going on, and I "checked in" a friend to her shift. Not super close, but I've been to her house and drank after work and never had any problems with her. She seemed like a pretty cool chick. I had suggested we search all of the servers' books for coupons, so I was searching them all. I flipped hers open when she set it down when she walked in, and unfortunately, there was a stack of coupons in there... Which should be impossible as all coupons actually used are to be turned in at the end of the night, and any that are found are to be turned in and destroyed immediately. Basically, if you have a big stack like that, it means you are planning to steal.

There were so many witnesses that I couldn't have covered for her even if  I wished to do so. Another girl got shooed out the door, and as a 'key holder' type position, I cannot show any preferential treatment, especially if I am to be moved into management like I plan.

I honestly had no idea she was one of the people stealing. She was suspended for a few days and fired today. I don't know if she will be able to even keep her apartment after this, and that's a pretty shitty feeling to know that you did to a cool person, even if they did make the choice themselves.
TL;DR: 