SUBREDDIT: r/BreakUps
TITLE: three weeks into the break up with my ex-gf (long)...
POST: New to reddit here, so hello. A friend of mine told me this was the place to go to when you're dealing with unwanted emotions. 
Alright, straight to the issue. I'm stuck in introspective mode. I (age 21) broke up with my gf (age 23) a few weeks ago and i'm going through the motions; guilt, longing, acceptance, " fuck it, i'm free!"-mode, etc. We were together for around two years and it was a long distance relationship. Our relationship was never easy. Three months after my previous (1 yr) relationship i initiated the relationship. I was looking for something casual because my previous relationship didn't end on the best of terms and she was looking for something more serious. I told her from the beginning that I wasn't ready for anything serious but I felt like if i didn't tell her what she wanted to hear I'd lose her. She's one of those brilliant shy types. Here's where it gets complicated. Right after we start this relationship I have to move. I couldn't afford my place, wasn't getting enough hours, wasn't in school, not really going anywhere in life,etc; so I moved back in with my family. We both had bad experiences with LDR, the answer seemed pretty obvious. We remained friends, I went back to school & figured out my major, our relationship became one of those on and off relationships. We would break up, then see each other and get back together. We kept breaking up because of the problems that come with a LDR. Everyone-including the participants,was getting sick of it.
As i said before, i ended up breaking it off a few weeks ago. She kept telling me that we could make it work but nothing was changing. I felt, and feel, like our relationship was preventing the other person from enjoying our youth. It was exhausting. The unnecessary jealousy, the constant dream of eventually being physically together, etc. 
When we had problems i would reassure her, and myself, by saying " In __ years we'll be able to be together. Other couples have done it!! That could be us!". 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu. I probably sound like a douche.
TL;DR: 