SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [21F] am insecure and cannot take compliments, would like some advice on how to regain confidence and self-esteem.
POST: I have been hanging out with someone for a year. We are the same age, and we both think it is too early in our life to be in a committed relationship, we never know what opportunities might come up and don't want relationship to be a constraint, so we agreed to remain our single status (i.e. appear like we are just acquaintances among friends). He introduced me to his family soon after we started hanging out. He has been the only one that I've been seeing and as far as I know I am the only one he is seeing too. 

However, as the "relationship" progress, I see some insecurities in myself. Although I believe that I should never prevent him from seeing someone better, I fear that he would no longer like me and go for someone else. It might sound like a contradiction, but that's how I feel. I don't know of any evidence to support my fear, it's just always there, in the back of my mind.

He compliments me quite often, but I am not sure if he really mean it or just saying nice things to make me feel good. I would feel offended if the latter is the case, I don't need fake compliments to feel better; I would rather hear honest opinions.

Sometimes I get nervous, jealous and angry (I don't even know why!) when I see him walking/talking with other girls, I am afraid that this is gonna drive him away eventually, but I don't know how to stop. 

Beside this relationship, I just don't feel good about myself. I have shitty GPA, and I don't look pretty. I sometimes imagine how people would talk behind my back about why they hate me. My lack of confidence has caused me to say "no" to a lot of opportunities before even trying, and seeing my peers thrive with those opportunities only reinforced the idea that I suck. Maybe I really suck, and shouldn't be so ambitious.

I went to my school's counselor, but my counselor only told me how to control myself when I feel extremely insecure, while I would like find the root of my problem. I really wish to know how to stop these insecure thoughts and become more confident.
TL;DR: 