SUBREDDIT: r/BreakUps
TITLE: I (M22) can't bring myself to break-up with my SO (F22) despite moments of clarity.
POST: My SO and I have been dating since high school (over 5 years). We went to the same college, but she graduated early and moved about 1.5 hours away for a job. We've always had things to work on, but this last year has caused me much more stress than it has helped me.

When we got together, she was ambitious and had an extremely positive outlook on life, but lately (esp. since midway since college) she has turned extremely pessimistic and has seemingly lost her ambition. I'm realizing the problem is that she has serious control issues. In high school should basically knew where her life was heading (college) and felt in control leading to an amiable demeanor. As college started, and esp. at her new job she is learning that you can't be in control of everything and it is getting to her.

This has caused her to lose (break-up?) with friend who she could no longer hang out with at her whim and who were developing other relationships that made her extremely jealous. She also skipped applying for graduate school last year and this year. I confronted her about it because I believed she was putting them off so that she could feel like she had made the decision to not go rather than risk not getting in; she admitted it.

We had a big discussion because she often will insinuate that I don't really care about her or don't want to be around her and make me feel guilty so that she can control me. I got sick of it and pointed it out. She admitted she had issues and is now seeing a therapist, but that was a few months ago, and I see no change.

I want to be getting something positive out of my relationship and I often don't. I also know she is controlling, which can be emotionally abusive. I will sometimes resolve to break-up with her, but I can never bring myself to do it. The few times she is happy is when she sees me, and I can't bring myself to destroy that.

Do I need to just man up and do it? Am I overreacting? Anyone been in similar situations that has any advice?
TL;DR: 