SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [23M] with my SO [24F] of 4 years, she said she "isn't sure" if I've cheated or not.
POST: Quick back story. My girlfriend made a friend [21F] last year that I quickly became friends with as well. I started to become better friends with her than she was. After a few months, GF becomes concerned/paranoid/insecure that there is something between us since we became close friends and talk a lot. I assure her that we're only friends, but it doesn't help and many arguments manifest. She wants me to cut contact with her which puts me in an awkward situation. Eventually she silently cuts contact with said friend, which makes my relationship with her awkward since she doesn't understand what is going on with my GF. Over time we become more distant and our relationship becomes chatting once or twice a month. It's been that way for a few months now, and things have been normal with my GF.

Recently I was staying the night with my girlfriend. We were just talking in bed when we came to the topic of cheating. I don't remember the exact details of the conversation, but it wasn't anything serious, just lighthearted talk and not specifically about us. At one point she said something that made me ask her, "Do you think I've cheated on you?" She replied with only, "Well, I can't really say no for sure." This made me upset, and although she tried assuring me that she "trusted me", she didn't seem to understand why it upset me.

Sure, no one knows 100% whether or not their partner has cheated on them. But, if you don't have a strong reason to believe that they have, I think the answer should be no. Her not being totally confident that I have not cheated really upsets me. I don't feel trusted. It's obviously due to the events from my back story. I never gave her a reason to think I cheated other than the fact that I simply had a friend that was female. It makes me kind of angry that she would say this after things have seemed good and normal for a while now. Is it reasonable for me to feel this way? How should I proceed from here?
TL;DR: 