SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [M 19], Girlfriend [F 19] My girlfriend asked me if I watched porn and I said yes. She is very upset and is crying. I don't know what to do.
POST: Gf and I have been dating for 7 months. My girlfriend was talking to me about how she feels that I am not completely honest with her. I always tell her I find her to be the most attractive woman I know. She never really believes that (even though it is absolutely true). I tell her how beautiful and sexy she is constantly and mean every word of it. She never really believes any of it deep down because she has self-esteem issues. I try very hard to make her feel good about herself, every compliment I give is from the bottom of my heart. She decided to test me and show me a picture of a naked women. She showed me the picture and felt that I was partially hard and she seemed offended. 

She said that she did not believe I found her the most attractive because I got partially hard to this girl in the picture. She then said that she never really believes the compliments I give her and that I lie. She then asked if I have watched porn recently and I told her I have, once or twice. She became very upset and started to cry. She told me that the thought of me getting off to another woman made her extremely upset with me. 

I am trying to see her point of view but I told her that if she were to get off to another guy in porn I would not care very much. She said she did not feel like being here anymore (here being my dorm), and she then ran into the shower crying. I am typing this as she is in the shower and am worried and don't know what to do. I wish that she would trust me but it seems to be almost impossible. I feel like she might want to break up with me over this (although hopefully it is not that extreme). I don't know what to do and need advice to help her trust me and I need to find a way to let her see that watching a little porn does not mean I don't find her attractive. I am sorry if this is badly written, I am typing this in a panic.

I also would like to know if I am in the wrong for watching porn and if she is right?
TL;DR: 