SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: My boyfriend's (21M) friends (22M) and parents (46F/M) think I'm too quiet and hard to get to know
POST: So, at separate times, both my bf's parents and friends have said that I don't talk much and that they don't know much about me. I've been dating my bf for four years and thought that I had a pretty good relationship with them all. I wouldn't say I'm super close to his friends/parents but I'm comfortable with them and enjoy seeing/hanging out with them. 

I think one problem is that I'm never around. My bf and I live apart while we finish school. When we're both in our hometown, he usually comes to my place. His friends live in different college towns and are rarely down as well. I went to his parents house for the first time in two months last week, and I thought everything was fine. We didn't get in until late so we only talked about an hour, but I was comfortable. I haven't seen his friends in months, either. It doesn't bother me because when they're all down I'm either at my apartment sixty miles away or I'm in town but giving them brotime, as they never see each other. I never thought this was an issue as they're his friends/parents and I typically just kinda tag along. I enjoy their company, but we definitely only meet/talk with my bf around. 

I'm also naturally pretty quiet and not good socially. I don't care to talk about myself too much, but if someone asks I'll definitely answer. I don't open up and talk a lot to people I don't know that well, so it takes a while to get to know me. My very close friends have said the same thing, that it took a little while for me to warm up and talk. I get that initially I may have been hard to hold a conversation with, but it's been four years! I've gotten very comfortable with his friends/parents and don't think I can be considered too demure/shy/whatever anymore. I certainly didn't think I was. 

So, how do I solve this? I don't want to be hard to get to know! I'm feeling kind of hurt about this and am not sure how to proceed.
TL;DR: 