SUBREDDIT: r/jobs
TITLE: Unemployment office told me I was unemployable... now what?
POST: I was laid off in December and have been on unemployment ever since as such I am required to attend're-employment seminars' at my local unemployment office.  At the last one we sat down with consultants and they went through our resume, job history etc and they go through the database and suggest jobs for you to apply to.  The conclusion of my consultant was that I am unemployable...

My problem is I have a solid work history doing project management in the construction industry before making the jump in manufacturing and product development.  At my last position I had a 5 person engineering in our Shanghai plant reporting to me and on an org chart was on the same level as the Plant General Manager reporting to the CEO and President.  I won national level awards for my product designs and closed multimillion dollar contracts with Fortune 500 companies.

**The issue is I don't have a degree.**

I was told I should start applying for entry level jobs and remove a lot of my achievements and dumb down my responsibilities and such.  Normally I would think this is insane but after applying for hundreds (literally hundreds I keep a log) of jobs and still not getting anywhere I am willing to give it a shot even if it means taking a job I'm not happy with.

I am consistently told 1.) I was overqualified 2.) Even though the job I apply for is exactly what I was doing before I'm not eligible because I don't have a degree or 3.) No response.

The easy answer here is 'go back to school' and as much as I would love to do that I can't.  I currently live out of my car since my apartment lease came up for renewal and I couldn't provide proof of income (unemployment doesn't qualify), can't get financial aid because my father makes to much money and is a believer in the 'you pay for your own way' line of thinking which I tend to agree with but screws me in this situation.  Student loans aren't really an option because Stafford loans won't cover tuition and I don't have enough credit history to be approved for a traditional loan.

I'm kind of at a loss now and becoming really discouraged so any advice would be great.
TL;DR: 