SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: How do I (F/25) talk to my dad (M/66) about bankruptcy?
POST: About 15 years ago my parents bought a business together. Due to a combination of factors (recession, competition moving in) the business is no longer profitable. They opened a side business about two years ago that is profitable but a competitor just announced they are opening next year.

Both my parents work 60+ hour a week, are in their 60s and are barely drawing salaries from the company. This is not sustainable. My biggest fear (and it is selfish) is one of them works themselves into a heart attack, etc and I have to return home and figure out what to do with a failing business. I am an only child so when (and its not if, its when) something happens it will be entirely on me to figure out what to do. Also in that scenario there would be no luxury of time - without both of them working 60+ hours a week the place would come to a halt almost immediately. I'm feeling pretty paralyzed and stressed by this scenario. 

I would like to pro-actively talk with my dad this weekend about what to do. My mom has asked me to do this as she does not think she can keep going much longer. I think the first step is having them explore their options - talk to their lawyer and accountant about what it would really mean for them if they declared Bankruptcy (could they keep the house, etc). I realize this is going to be very painful and tough but at least having that information is the first step in figuring out a solution. 

Lets say they lose their retirement accounts in bankruptcy. It would be awful, but there is no end of sight of them retiring with their current jobs. At least if they were free from it they could get true 9-5 jobs with less stress and continue working with an actual income. 

I'm wondering if anyone on here has suggestions about how to structure this conversation? I'm worried my dad will view me bringing this up as calling him a failure, etc. Any help would be appreciated.
TL;DR: 