SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me (30F) with my boyfriend (31M) of 4 months, me feeling upset and alone and not sure why
POST: I've been dating him (31M) for just under 4 months...really not that long. We met online and things were going really well for a while. We dated twice a week for a while, then after about a month we started sleeping together. We have both met each others' friends once each (most of our good friends live out of town and were here for the holidays). 

Other than those occasions, our pattern is that he comes to my house after work one day a week, we make dinner or go out, he spends the night and we have great sex, then he leaves the next AM. Then one weekend night I do the same things at his house, going home afternoon the next day.

We seem compatible, the sex is great, we have fun together and he has treated me well. We have established exclusivity and I don't doubt that. This has been going great so far, but the last week or so I have felt sad. Today when I returned from his house I started crying instead of feeling happy like before. 

I think the problem for me is that I feel a bit emotionally alone. Although he is sweet, texts and talks to me daily and calls me beautiful, I don't know where his head is. He doesn't tend to want to see me any more than our usual times a week and he doesn't make future plans far ahead. He spent both the winter holiday and will spend valentines weekend out of state visiting his family. These were plans he made before we started dating, but I still feel like I'm not a priority in his life. 

Anyway, I'm feeling emotionally alone and like I don't know where this is going, though I can't put my finger on why. I just wish he would give me a look, say something, take more time for me or take some gesture to let me know how he feels about me. 

What should I do? Is this legitimate to feel this way? Does it mean we just aren't meant to be, or is it fixable? Is it my problem that I'm rushing in too soon? Should I tell him how I feel or just give it more time and see if things change on their own?
TL;DR: 