SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: 31(m) and 28(f) in a relationship that isn't really a relationship. Not sure what's going on here and looking for insight.
POST: I don't know if this is the right place for this question.. but I'm finding myself in a very confusing situation with a girl that I've known for about 6 years. To provide some background information, when I first met this girl she had a boyfriend in a long distance relationship, we hung out regularly and became very good friends. After awhile though.. our friendship began to turn into something much more intimate. We settled on describing it as "friends with benefits".. but even then we weren't sure. Essentially, we were a couple without being a couple. Even a friends with benefits scenario wasn't quite accurate. We went on regular dates.. we went out to dinner, movies, went on trips.. spent every waking moment together practically.. all under the tacit understanding that we weren't a couple and that we weren't in a relationship together. This carried on for about 1 1/2 years.. and yes.. she maintained her long distance relationship while this went on.. I'm a horrible person, I know. Eventually, her boyfriend found out, they split. She moved across the country shortly after and we lost contact.

Fast forward to two years ago. She resurfaces and occasionally visits the state I live in.. whenever she does, we always fall back into our old ways. On some occasions we're just friends, on other occasions we're more than just friends... and on other occasions still, we're once again a couple without being a couple.

Fast forward to two weeks ago.. we hook up again.. we go out for a romantic dinner, caught a movie, stargazing etc. etc. the next day, she casually mentions that she has a boyfriend and that she feels bad.. not because she has a boyfriend, but because she doesn't feel bad about having a boyfriend. No matter what we do, we always find that we come back to each other without ever knowing what we're actually doing.

I'm oblivious when it comes to normal relationships and even platonic friendships, and yet I continue to find myself in this twisted mess of nonsense... I don't really know what I'm asking here, but has anybody been in a similar situation that can offer insight?
TL;DR: 