SUBREDDIT: r/tifu
TITLE: TIFU By having My teacher catch me and my girlfriend half naked.
POST: So a while ago I posted another TIFU 

-

And in it I talked about how I got caught with my girlfriend at school, doing something that is probably not acceptable at school. So here is the story.

 

My former Girlfriend and I frequently got together after our after school activities, me: fencing and her: Track.

 

Now both events usually ended around 4:00 pm to 4:30 pm, but my father and her parents usually couldn't pick us up from school until around 5:00.

 

So obviously we had some time to kill at school after practice and there is this perfect place to hook up. It is right behind one of the stairwells at our school. There is this small pocket area that nobody ever goes through. There is an exit door at the very end of the stairwell, but nobody ever uses it, or so we thought.

 

Well one day we were behind the stairwell and us being really stupid decided to take our tops off. So at this point I dont have a shirt on and her bra and shirt are just on the ground. 

 

Then the door to the stairwell opens... both of us paused hoping it would just be someone going up the stairs, but as the steps grew closer and closer to us, we began to realize exactly how fucked we were.

 

We scrambled to put our clothes on but it was already too late, not only were we caught, we were caught by a teacher...

 

The teacher, absolutely flustered with the situation ran out the exit exclaiming loudly " You two might not want to think about doing that at school" To this day I still don't know who that teacher is, though based off some of my senior friends, I might be having someone who fits her description next year. 

 

We sat there for a moment in disbelieve. not understanding if we actually got away with what we just did. We finished putting our clothes on. looked at each other with embarrassed faces. Then started to laugh before we exchanged our goodbyes and went home for the day. We never talked about it since.
TL;DR: 