SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [20M], my girlfriend of 4 months [20F], and my bestfriend of 3 years [20M].
POST: So I'm fairly new to reddit and the community is great, so I found this sub today with the hopes you guys can help me out with a problem I've been dealing with lately. 

So here it is: I have been together with my girlfriend for about four months now, however we have been friends for about three years (I've been wild about her the whole time, and have just recently just broke the "curse of the friendzone"; go me right?!). For the sake of this post remaining anonymous, we'll call her Jill. 

Anyways, so probably a year and a half ago I introduced Jill to a very good friend of mine (also for the whole anonymous thing we'll call him Bob) Bob. The whole length of this friendship Bob has known I've been crazy for Jill because we've talked about it many times, and the only time Jill and Bob ever really interacted in person was when I was the intermediate.

This all changed back in august however when Bob and I moved in together, now he's seeing a lot more of Jill and their friendship begins growing. Keep in mind, Bob still know I'm crazy about Jill, and Jill's starting to show sings that she's feeling the same way about me. 

So now Jill and I are together, we have been since late september. She stays at the apartment all the time and honestly I feel like our relationship is great; we both agree we've never been happier. However Bob shows, at least what I pick up as obvious signs of interest in Jill. He's more excited when Jill walks into the apartment than I am, and always strikes up conversations with her; he even now texts and snapchats her more than he does me. 

Should I bring up my concern with either Jill or Bob? Or is this just something that would be better kept to myself and see how things play out? I'm really at a crossroads here and really would appreciate some advice or words of encouragement, especially because usually either Jill or Bob are the ones to be providing me with those comforts.
TL;DR: 