SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Help me give my friend [34F] advice on whether/how she should let her ex [33M] know that she's recently started dating her previous ex?
POST: My friend doesn't post on reddit, so I offered to post on her behalf.

She broke up with with her ex (let's call him Bob) about four months ago, they had been dating for six months. While they were dating, she was still good friends with her previous ex (let's call him Joe) that she had dated for about three years. Bob and Joe were on friendly terms, and Joe had a new gf and all of them even went on some double dates.

She broke up with Bob about four months ago and he took it hard, and while they've remained on friendly terms, she's tried to create some distance between them. Meanwhile she's continued to spend time with Joe who has been a good friend all along, and who by this time had also become single again. However in the last couple of weeks she and Joe decided that they wanted to give things another shot and get back together.

The problem is that there's some overlapping social circles between everyone and essentially Bob, Joe and her are all going to be at an upcoming party.

She is really struggling with the question of whether and how she should let Bob know ahead of time that her and Joe have gotten back together?

My advice to her: most definitely. What do you guys think?

Next, how should she break the news to Bob?

My advice to her: send him a text or a message, like a head's up kind of thing, short and sweet. In all likelihood he will reply and try to engage her, but I think she should ignore any of his attempts to do so.

She thought maybe she should have a conversation with Bob to let him know, but I think that's a bad idea because he will probably make it all drawn out (he can be a bit needy emotionally). It's probably going to be shitty news for him, but I don't think she should feel responsible for him or how he deals with his feelings. She feels bad for him, but I don't think she should make it her problem and I don't think that she owes him a crap ton of emotional support to help him through this. What do you guys think?
TL;DR: 