SUBREDDIT: r/loseit
TITLE: PSA: Endomorphs, ectomorphs, and mesomorphs are not real
POST: In the general weight loss and fitness community, I frequently hear these terms casually thrown around to explain one's ability to lose/gain/maintain weight at a certain rate. From my tattoo artist who is now a competitive bodybuilder to my SO when we started this journey, it has been a consistent cause of frustration for me, as these terms- as well as constitutional psychology in general- has been discredited for years.

Constitutional psychology was developed by a psychologist named William Herbert Sheldon in the 1940's. He asserted that the human body could be split up into three "somatotypes"- the endomorph, ectomorph, and mesomorph. He wrote a book on the topic in the 50's called *Atlas of Men*. Each somatotype was characterized as representing a different temperament, level of intelligence, and overall value. It had/has foundations in racism and antisemitism. 

The three types were described as follows (from Wikipedia): 

Ectomorphic: characterized as linear, thin, fragile, lightly muscled, flat chested and delicate; described as cerebrotonic inclined to desire isolation, solitude and concealment; and being tense, anxious, restrained in posture and movement, introverted and secretive.

Mesomorphic: characterized as hard, rugged, rectangular, athletically built with well developed muscles, thick skin and good posture; described as somatotonic inclined towards physical adventure and risk taking; and being vigorous, courageous, direct and dominant.

Endomorphic: characterized as round and soft with under-developed muscles and having difficulty losing weight; described as viscerotonic enjoying food, people and affection; having slow reactions; and being disposed to complacency.

I just wanted everyone to recognize that though it would be very convenient to have this wonderful defiance of the laws of thermodynamics to excuse the inability or lack of desire to lose weight, they have long since been disproven and to use these terms is intellectually dishonest. Barring other physical disabilities, your body type does NOT determine your ability to lose or gain weight at a relatively normal pace.
TL;DR: 