SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [18M] am a little worried about the way my former friend's brother [30s?M] is acting toward me, but I might just be paranoid
POST: So this will probably require some background. I used to have this really good friend. We'll call him Malcolm. He and I had a really bad falling out a few years ago and haven't talked at all since. It was my fault, and he doesn't want to see me again. I've run into him once or twice since and he flat out ignored me.

I used to spend a lot of time at his house, and his brother (who we will call Jack) lived there too. He was often there when I was, and I enjoyed hanging out with the two of them, although I never once spent time just with Jack. He was only my friend because i was friends with Malcolm.  I like Jack a lot, but most people I know don't, including his brother. Some people have described him as aggressive or domineering, and others have called him creepy. But he's never been anything nice to me. I guess the fact that he looks, acts, and sounds almost exactly like Cypher from The Matrix doesn't help. 

This falling out with Malcolm happened nearly two years ago. I haven't spoken with Jack much since. We had a brief chat once when we ran into each other on the street, and texted each other at Christmas. That's about it. But about two weeks ago, I got a surprise call from him, saying he wanted to hang out when I return from vacation, maybe go to his house in the country, he can give me some driving lessons, etc. Normally I would be really eager to go, but a few things are bothering me about it: 1. This would probably be a disrespectful and weird thing to do to Malcolm, right? And 2. Something in the way he was talking was a lite odd. He said something along the lines of "I can be like your big brother."

I told him I would call him back when I get home in a month or so, but I am not so sure. Would this be an affront to Malcolm, and should I be worried about him taking me alone to somewhere no one would actually be able to hear me scream?
TL;DR: 