SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Am I [20/M] judging the girl I'm seeing [20/F] too harshly for the actions of her friend [~20/F], or is it legitimately a dealbreaker/red flag?
POST: I met "Liz" about a month ago. We have been on a few dates since then and have really hit it off. Although we haven't labeled anything yet, we're probably on the way toward becoming an official item and have made plans to attend a formal event together at the end of this month. 

The only problem is Liz's friend, "Annie." I didn't know Annie that well until recently, but the more I learn about her the more negatively I feel toward her. When choosing who I associate with, I am very concerned with morality and ethics. Annie has done things I find highly unethical, including stealing (from both our university and someone at a party) and seriously considering lying about having a disease in order to circumvent our school's requirement for undergrads to live on campus. While I don't agree with the living on campus rule, I would never get a fake doctor's note and pretend to be sick to get out of it. I disapprove even more of the stealing, and I think it's important to note I wouldn't know about it unless Liz told me - she mentioned it kind of casually, and while she doesn't do it herself or think it's really okay, she definitely isn't as bothered by it as I am. I don't know exactly how close Liz and Annie are, but they seem to be pretty good friends and are in the same relatively small major at our school.

I have a rare medical condition that would be a dealbreaker for many people, and I've seen plenty of stories of other people with this condition getting into/staying in bad relationships simply because they're afraid nobody else will want them. Although I wasn't explicitly looking for a relationship when I met Liz, and wasn't unhappy being single, I'm worried my judgment is being clouded by Liz's acceptance of me and my inexperience with relationships - I had never been on a real date before I met Liz, and have never been in a relationship either. I really like Liz and she really likes me, but her friendship with Annie is making me question her character and values.
TL;DR: 