SUBREDDIT: r/AskReddit
TITLE: A question to the wise and weathered Redditors: Is financial responsibility during youth worth the sacrifice? What did you do or what would you do differently?
POST: Explanation: I grew up in a lower middle class single-parent home. My brother pretty much raised me while my mom and grandmother worked to keep the family afloat. When school wasn't in session my brother and I would be lucky to get one meal a day. Most of the time we were left to fend for ourselves. I know how to be poor and I know how to go without and I appreciate and work for everything I have.

I'm bookish, though, so I was able to breeze through school and get into a decent state school which had a bunch of incentives for accomplished students. In addition to taking money off the top of the tuition costs, I qualified for a bunch of scholarships. What those two didn't cover, I covered with student loans. I also lived off-campus in a modest apartment and worked my ass off third shift so I could pay my bills and go to school full time while incurring as little debt as possible. Now I have my Bachelor's and I'm two years out of college with only 17K debt. 

I just got my first credit card three months ago, which I only use for transportation-related costs like airfare and train tickets to see family. I pay it off at the end of each billing cycle. I have a budget/declining checkbook that I fashioned for myself in Excel and I budget myself strictly and toss between 150 and 200 a month into savings so I'll have a backup in case of an emergency. 

I go out once or twice a month with friends and drink or what have you, which is fun. I feel like, financially, I'm doing everything right but I'm not seeing any real benefit to it. Perhaps this is a "Grass is greener" scenario, but when I compare myself to friends and peers I see myself sacrificing a lot of opportunities for travel and frivolity for not a lot of benefit. I feel like I'm wasting my 20s being prudent while those around me are enjoying their 20s being silly... and they have more money in the bank than me.
TL;DR: 