SUBREDDIT: r/tifu
TITLE: TIFU by taking my phone out during exam
POST: Right now I feel so bad. Im freshman in college and its my first semester. My all classes are going awesome, but this one class Sociology is so hard! So i was trying my best to keep up my grade because passing grade is 75%. Til yesterday my percentage was 62, but today we had a exam, and my teacher was like that if i get good grades on this exam then i might make it. I was so prepared for this test, and i studied all spring break. So the test starts and i'm all hype because i know everything thats on test. I was taking my time because I didnt wanted wrong answers. I was doing all great and i was on last page where i was doing extra credit questions. and suddenly my phone vibrates, no one calls me in the morning, so i checked the number and it was my little brother's elementary school's numbers. I panicked because no one was at home, and everyone was working. So i tried listening to the voicemail with my head down, because i was alone in class, as everyone else was done with test. And as i looked up, there she was. My teacher, She was like "you have something in your hand" and she saw my phone. I couldnt explain her anything because there were thousand thoughts going thru my mind. without another word, she took my test, and said "you're getting zero on that".. which means i wont be able to pass this class. I was standing there speechless.. Now i've already dropped my psychology class because it was too hard, and i was going to fail it.. i cant drop this class because it costs almost $350. and we are not rich. Now my parents have supported me with everything, but i'm not sure how would they react to this. I know you guys are awesome with words, and how to comfort someone.. Please help me. I mean, what can i do, and how do i tell my parents. and what would you do if you were at my place.

Side Note: Voicemail was that, my little brother had a headache and wasnt feeling very well.

Tip: Never take your phone out during class, and always follow the rules.
TL;DR: 