SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [23M] asked her [21F] to be exclusive, it didn't go as I hoped and now don't know if I'm doing the right thing
POST: After dating this girl for 3 weeks I asked her to be exclusive. While 3 weeks doesn't sound like much, over this time we had talked almost everyday, spent a fair bit of time together (6 dates, would have been more but I got pretty sick), both told each other on several different occasions that we like one another and like spending time with each other. While we have only had sex once, whenever we are together we are always doing some sort of intimate act (holding hands, cuddling, kissing etc.).

When I asked her to be exclusive she said that she is not ready to to jump into another relationship (she has previously told me her ex was an asshole) and that she would like things to continue as they were. I'm fine with this and to keep things going as they were, I set up a date. This date was eventually postponed because of her getting injured. I'm the one who asked if she wanted to postpone it till she felt a bit better (trying to be nice).

Neither of us has made an attempt to initiate contact since then with my reason being that I'm trying to take a step back so I do not come across as clingy and needy because that will just push her away. I do not know her reason.

 I am also trying to see other girls again while still trying to see her because I am still single (regardless of how I feel or what I want) and I don't think shutting down and waiting around forever will do me any good emotionally. Even though I'm trying to step back, it is making me anxious and I can't stop thinking about the recent lack of contact.

Thanks for reading that essay, I just thought you should know all the info before I got your advice haha. Now for my questions.
1. Do you think I read the signals wrong before asking her to be exclusive?
2. I'm worried we are drifting apart. Am I overthinking things because the date was cancelled and we have been communicating less?
3. As hard as it has been, should I keep doing what I have been doing in regards to stepping back and seeing other girls?
TL;DR: 