SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: Me [19M] began to recently speak to my new interest [19F], receiving signals but need help on clarification.
POST: So before I go into details, let me paint the picture. I started the spring semester without any intention of looking for an SO, but the moment this girl walked into my class and sat next to me, I couldn't help but think she was attractive as hell(I'll go ahead and call her E). It was the first day of class, so the professor is explaining the syllabus and other crap, and as the professor continues, out of the corner of my eye I find E just completely looking at me and smile at one of my remarks. I make an effort to turn and talk to her but she quickly avoids eye contact and looks at her phone.

Fast forward to February and I decide to strike a conversation, so I decide to ask her about her running apparel, and we end up talking for bit before she says she has to go for track practice. We shake hands, exchange names and smiles and part ways. Over the next 4 weeks I don't see E because of what I think is a busy track schedule. Then this past week, on Wednesday she actually showed up to class, and I made conversation after class again. We start talking about how her recent out of state competition was, and our majors, and just exchanging laughs as I walked her to her dorm. When we arrived at her dorm, E initiated a hug and thanked me for walking with her to her dorm. As E was walking away, I decided to call out her name, and she turned around with an obvious smirk on her face, and I asked if she wanted to go to concert with me, because I had an extra ticket. E said that she would've liked to go with me, but that she already had plans for that day. We smile and go our separate ways again, only to remember that I forgot to ask for a number. I decided to go for it yesterday, but unsurprisingly, she didn't show up for class.

I feel like I'm getting signals of interest from her, but I can't help but think that she is merely being polite. I also think I have a really small sample size of our one to one conversations, to act accordingly. Anybody got some input for a fellow single college student?
TL;DR: 