SUBREDDIT: r/AskReddit
TITLE: My girlfriend may desperately need my support, at a stressful life changing time.
POST: First time poster after browsing for years; I hope that I am posting in the right subreddit, please feel free to redirect before things get repetitive. I am also fully aware that audience outside of the UK may have difficulty understanding the UK academic system however in all honesty the back story is not dependent on responding to the premise. Anyway, onwards:

My girlfriend, of 4 years, suffers from performance anxiety after being bullied during her early teens (before she knew me and for the for the first year of our relationship). She got good grades at GCSE (yep, from THAT side of the pond) from grades A-C in 10 subjects. Since then she has failed all but a couple of modules in her A levels. I am not too keen on submitting exactly what her A levels are, she has been known to browse reddit on occasion, but lets say they are not easy subjects. She currently has offers from 4 universities in the UK, all requiring very low grades that reflect her AS level performance, however her school are skeptical as to whether she will meet them. I have always been supportive of my girlfriend and would never want to even discuss any alternative arrangements as I don't want to make her feel as if I am doubting her, however should things not go to plan I don't want to find myself in an awkward situation, unable to help. I am worried that she may not get into university and really just wanted to know how reddit felt, without it turning into a circlejerk on pro/anti-university. It is stressful for my girlfriend as she works so hard, gets good marks in her practice papers only to see the grades slip through her fingers when it gets to crunch time. I have offers to do Economics to 3 Top 10 Universities and can say hand on heart she has alot to offer. I will however be very busy once I start my courses in late september and will therefore not be in the best position to help her at all times. So ladies and gentlemen or reddit, I am therefore asking you your opinion and/or experience on what she should do should she not be able to get into university and, perhaps in a way more importantly, in what ways might I be as supportive as possible.
TL;DR: 