SUBREDDIT: r/relationships
TITLE: I [25f] just found out my BF [37M] has an ex wife he never told me about
POST: Title pretty much says it all. We've been together for a year and a half. I knew he was married and has a kid which I'm ok with. And a few times he's talked about his ex from a few years prior to his marriage. The most he ever said about it was that it didn't work out. Last night i was looking through an old stack of photos and found fucking wedding photos with another woman who wasn't the ex wife i was already aware of. I started to freak but took some time to cool down before i talked to him. He said it was a mistake that he was pressured into by his parents prior to being deployed to Iraq. He married her a month before deployment and the relationship lasted for only about 2 months after he returned before he realized it was a mistake and ended it. He says he never told me because it was a very dark time for him and he still has a great deal of guilt associated with the whole situation.

His explanation seems reasonable enough and I think i sort of get where he's coming from. But...fuck. I feel like shit about it. It doesn't bother me that he was married and it didn't work out. I'm upset because in spite of being very open (or so i thought) about our past, etc. He never thought to tell me that he has divorced not once but twice. And i don't know if he ever would have told me if I hadn't stumbled upon that photo. What's worse is that we live on the same property as his parents so i see them every day and neither of them apparently thought to mention it either. 

So here's what I need to know. Am i making a bigger deal about this than I should? I think it's reasonable to be hurt and upset. I've been fully honest with him throughout our relationship and this feels like a serious breach of trust. I'm not sure where to go from here. I knew about the ex but he never told me that they were married. And as i see it lying by omission is still lying. Ugh...advice, anyone?
TL;DR: 