SUBREDDIT: r/AskReddit
TITLE: I seem to be paranoid of every company I can start a career with.  I think this is preventing me from performing an adequate job search.  How can I confidently move forward in my decision making?
POST: Hello Reddit, I seem to be at a crossroads in my life, and I feel overwhelmed with the innumerable number of career/life decisions in front of me.  I'm approaching 25, with a completed masters degree in CS/Economics earlier this year.  I have remained stagnant in my hometown over the past several months, with a part time research job of ambiguous sustainability. 

I've lived here all my life.  I attended k-12, undergrad, and grad here.  All of my family and friends live here.  I have a flexible schedule, and plenty of time for leisure.  I am comfortable, but I feel my current situation is stunting my growth as an individual.

The most common next step for me is the business world, though I feel repulsed by the majority of what I have heard about it.  I read of corruption, of cut-throat tactics, of ambiguous ethics, and poor working conditions.  I hear older relatives bemoan their jobs ritualistically.  I'm often told to "enjoy my free time now, because it won't last."     

I feel stuck, and I feel paranoid.  I don't want generate profit for a company that may end up using that money to lobby more of my rights away (go USA).  I want to work with a company that ultimately is providing some positive contribution to humanity, and with individuals who love their job.  I want a job that won't consume all of my free time (I often hear of inexperienced salaried employees being coaxed into working 60+ hour weeks).  Such opportunities look few and far between, and every company I look at feels like a step in the wrong direction.  

On top of all of this, my job may take me away from all that I have grown up with, my social life included.  How am I supposed to be able to commit to such a substantial change in my life,  all the while feeling like I am willingly stepping into danger?
TL;DR: 